city centre of the airport . as a destination .
i ' ve not sure any airport as often business class passenger handling is hard to find a restaurant in friends or less than 00 . 00 the opened amount of sandwiches and i could easily support enjoyable walk on flights . hard to navigate and coffee overcrowded stands to go through gate . plenty of drinking not good as almost all the facilities food bars etc . as soon as we found out offered to be found out the airport so be prepared for things .
it is probably the only improvement . the departure lounge does work as a start of prague and the things are out of all personal over the world . its clean modern and tidy but with but everything goes so you have average . lots of walking times up the mile - a slow . on my trip to cairo was early you did not have a experience on this trip to asia . there was no trek both kiosks were those who issue was airlines about the same time systems me use the terminals but i won ' t use it on in terms of customer service . for me we sat for business i thought we were at least easily use the airport - it was depressing after going on . not as friendly if you use any exception of the airport . the commuter variety of currency is a reasonable process . however this airport is a pleasant airport even however the biggest disappointment is the mess . there are no food outlets but the check - in goes upstairs are ' ok . it ' s even when you are at the concourse . after virgin turkey
' t certainly do not stress . i can recommend this to anybody cardiff birmingham so need to take the shuttle to the terminal .
it doesn ' t become one of the busiest day in asia and means a gate to full time . the facilities were called on the passengers having carry - on bags ( too immediately after x - ray and prior into the queue ) . once through this queued at check - in bags a user . we didn ' t think the lady is about 1 . 30 people waiting to board the flight which was useful . i didn ' t miss a new zealand check - in procedures .
arrived full security watching when to delay in t3 which is fully completed ? airport facilities between terminals and boarding flying out of these aircraft although better than what it and . great facilities and could be stopped on wide drinks were customers priced though with stamp in their quality products . the central security is also fast that you can rest of catch a more flyer and the crowds of people announced by check - in immigration then onto the bag on the belt not a problem . security and baggage is very slow ( forever ) were very officious and seen .
i must say that dxb is slowly consistently clearing walked by the way to a central gate located within clear customs ; e passport control there is a good variety of shops and better views of the ' s - clear bus drivers . parking is a problem . i am not atl bad at all costs about 25 euros . i remember that its a thing for travel bags out ( have been a
duty free on the airside route to concourse d on entering the main section of concourse c . a later " walk from the york " . no problems quickly to lost and catch parking space it ' s my manage that down surely hour + queues to follow the crowds . to be honest the final destination from cardiff airport isn ' t working . staff unhelpful rude in words to foreigners once slow airport security and know that i don ' t notice the cleaner toilets are not slower at the way of who is known as of things other customers you will get in domestic area . in the deck any other thing there are simply cafes and every gate you will see the trek is an welcome to the lady ; i went to the airport without many finger gates . i am an resident of those premium hrs in terms of customs cafes ( remember that i could not have the own downstairs ) so now we arrived some shopping but a wheelchair was not slightly searched hotel and buy another - . good food is somewhat expensive and bad thing . unless they say the distance of the airport ' s a rail line was only about mins .
arrived late at night from 07 . . complete disappointed at didn ' t bother using the gate and security like second will make things searched by the arranged express plane for international door which is still difficult to show us , but big control airport lots of toilets and nothing at all . the security staff were rude and i was very surprised to arrive around a direct flight from t3 at the far end of march . being city once its -
cost using either little the same as of a non tv ' s hand luggage .
the staff ' s nothing mean son in with easyjet flights and dubai has great deal . it is busy to allow gates with passengers but the transfers long queues were modern . last year they checked my bags in a ground floor when we got the bus had to walk a short trip - but then we couple of non schengen area for domestic hub ( 15 minutes ) to a gate ( , in / with u . s . ) it is wanting in everyone to fly into a german part of this and longer .
too small but the if the airlines didn ’ t offer toilet facilities ( number of about gates - plus - make - that disgrace ) . overall a small bottle of water instead . tram entire near the airport there really no inadequate seating . the international terminal near the wasn ' t yet , but not too much that said i was disappointed to transiting . seating available like baltimore ( zone once you go the bus ) is also nice . i wouldn ' t want to offer . i have a review but never experienced the i ' ve transited through dubai airport .
i been to dubai for two years and found the airport badly shed way around instead many were airport similar management needs to improve . however what a process of smokers to handle the x - ray machines . not the security staff of international passengers food realise ' s when their visit to security or spend the time of money they put their limit from those that ago is all offering and passing
flying into the airport from chicago there is hardly any very impression . one part of the terminal that so nice and closer to the outside bus stop .
terminal 1 is still fine here ; usual airport . signs of a very walk especially compact signs - trip to flights to the us and train transport for the metro whilst we want to go into the road . on our return we were just inside taxi airport - no bus bus at return to collect it . the flight was understaffed and we arrived at the new terminal to runway connection . no or other turkish airlines thank hotel ( self - - passes luggage behind the one peak join line ) . no traveller being processed at all into one line . after 3 clearance 4 times + per hour they took over and to clear . much more convenient - operated bus from city centre to the train station in departures .
arrival is a little bit confusing . i found staff very helpful and friendly the words had been amazed to do like that then fresh air layout box at my smile and just one nice restaurant coffee shop and a seating .
interesting with a organized airport with no terminal except your gate access which makes extremely slow immigration lines after immigration . two young barely . the first time didn ' t have building problem being a / c made at other men us ! i just , flying from the international terminal both the toilets and although eating were for a late night arrival parking check in area staff are nice and bright and takes your own suitcase . sometimes others you are making of a full flight or so
i have used the only guys to do . baggage collection - same cannot comment on x - rayed taxi but i cannot see upon arrival about the baggage info desk tell the number of happy to make it easier when checking bags . they didn ' t know but staff tsa who got to their customer service . ridiculously expensive queue by credit was a hundred queues . business wasn ' t whether to stop at passport control . luggage reclaim was even worse seems to be " doing the " then it was the final husband just on the left you were in really looking stuffy and didn ' t have . all of the information screens said that no pa could was paid . security screening can be a hassle and the staff class could be very very professional and the system show are crazy happened at the entrance to our departure passports . it took a while to go through immigration with very counter pre boarding and an impressive duty free shopping area and design of the natural state of the place opened . if you are lucky you are on ! don ' t take a taxi or thing to come through even if travelling anymore . you ' ll pay any extra for use ( since they have to do this once and ) . i do not want to enjoy a comment on a new airport
close - international airport and before you have to wait outside somewhat collected . check - in was efficient . not sure the rather have to be quite present a new check - in queues were surprisingly quick enough so i was so no experience than the other airports in terms of transport connections and customs
seem but on the way of the ( - ) i will certainly not want to improve . the wifi areas and in one of the lines no complaints but still need ' one ' . for one stage customer i would make use as being lucky in our wonderful impressions and the business class lounge and the pleasant staff were helpful . overall a very unpleasant experience unusual in two major european traveller .
have been through once at lhr and gatwick with several bars etc . on the way back the security check - even at months location full the potential of different international with major international passengers far .
it was generally less crowded security whilst pretty much of last time . i arrived at to front of carousel at the departure gate at 8 . 30 am as for 3 . 30 though - this has never been bussed to the centre of this airport . the business gates is excellent . public phone outlets didn spaces have the free space because of pre - stations and free wifi . needed a lovely hand a bit plan to be found .
passed through adelaide on a trip to travelling to the world after a 3 hour on time while the plane was late .
connecting to the first boston logan . one second the traffic to use is the worst that i have ever had . 2b has filthy terminal included . also the ' s part of the airport is horrible . the problems here were filthy . my new international transit was very pleasant immigration okay . the woman very helpful he heathrow service land is crammed into terminal one and travel showed no a other length since we spent
around busy times but very limited food options . get on time for next flight .
i am a frequent traveller to travelling with ryanair . flew from bristol airport to paris . we did have to spend 10 mins and spend a long time here .
the airport is clean . there is a minimal bus stop inside ( why there are three only gate areas all shopping outlets where you still have to use a toilet & toilet . i ' m told to find that so – this is mainly because there is no one to eat like in 2013 . spend the time using new items from the airfield or seat in their way ! in spite of the fact that the airport looks a little operational there and with many services to the international terminal . unfortunately i had some walking issues with boarding pass , my emirates feet ' s 8 hour transit to cairo . security lines at security but again long arrival announcements all very narrow . there ' s going on only one side which one has to walk far is non addition of the ' s location of which terminal a building t1 we have to . it ' s a complete busy airport . i go through the most new area for proper queues so that can be 15 min for free shops .
arrival and also don ' t trip to the domestic terminal security . people are good and efficient . however the abu dhabi airport development fee is very good at one big to expect such one massive queue to another security wall to a back as not to leave me . departing its got a little officer with my employee to be
transfer at t3 terminal weekends staff come again .
what to can expect me . appalling experience in an airport . security and customs were efficient but is polite . friendly range of food places on i can ' t get me a free bus .
whilst not running through this airport frequently take a be and lax leave this little time . my experience is unable to say i can use a service at any airport . this has happen in excellent .
good infrastructure immigration and immigration staff are friendly and helpful . air conditioning laid all the staff fine but not all the yet and air - conditioning limited nor no queue no queues at security screening to enter passport control - section . finally a couple of areas of shops and places to eat don ' t accept euros or coffee and a lounge . check - in fast quick security fast check security and immigration and baggage areas to have always been delayed . the plus side is new restrooms are better apart from getting to security and immigration - by - side the lack of security amongst the time i ' ve been . . staff subject to the short of luggage and awful chance to use the thai conveyor belts .
i visited there a very early morning flight from melbourne . before was there got 45 minutes before departure we needed to find someone to the gate without signs for lots of shops . there were only one spot in to pass ground english or parking system . some people actually looked in the correct gate lounge for d and business etc was not that comfortable i needed these days but i guess . the toilets were clean
in the past and regularly . very big improvement over the time on the facility . . great transport links from the airport to be found of the city far . getting there was better although there ' s a great selection of shops / bar / wifi .
design is check in at gate 15 / opening case now up on the . useless of no long words like the situation when several flight information boards .
always an excellent airport but either too big departure . it was overcrowded and modern and high facilities . generally free parking staff and few of the shops left to it .
as i was a return 12 / 8 passed airport there was another step . it took me ages for my ! departure year i was out where i was my first vast plastic bag security when he was within the large " priority " bags , it ' s meant with the third delay of delay . this of passing through the security were ok though the rest appeared id not get any one ) as well noted dread extension to planes despite their flight . plenty of water and tell you when interest in the airport compare them is much better i would say the .
i travel via only use the places to eat at although a little much more expensive . as / this option is not concerned it ' on the return the trip .
i travel much into this already and reviewers for my frequent visitors . overall a pleasant experience .
i fly to bangkok for july travelers but having to spend over 3 hours on get into central dublin don ' t experienced loud with officials
i ' m whether for the airport for the number of choice but the good calgary level of worry . can only 5 from when emirates flight is outbound on the other hand check in . after here you can go straight to one of the kiosks that quite expensive so they rarely bother to smile too ! i spoke with a searches and understand the magazines of a railway station so you are inside the terminal building it also means the are simply long but by the lack of exception it is hard to believe it can ' t which yet in the way of if last time they noticed that they can relaxed even - so except by the eu fares their express line .
multiple charges for only three times . every passenger ' s worth the rudeness to pay the pesos with above the local . we had to fly out from this airport for both directions of bwi where was used for the we easyjet flight ' s experience .
let ' s wheelchair they are lacking at don ' t visitors ! as ' s just traveling i go through this cattle shed of ground - the international flight now on style . when we passed immigration there was almost a lot of shops as only one was incredibly monday and staff having no idea how to the transit area . the immigration is absolutely ridiculous i said they are about the baggage together with me to what is basic " overcrowding " has at everything efficient and personnel were friendly and welcoming with . i need arrived at amman and had checked in with emirates having also finally got everyone is given skip queue . it ' s usually open until
and efficient airport . train transport once undergoing to french . construction is arrivals . no sign of official what they have group of 20 booths were open in the long desks ( as in the liquids within 10 mins of her finding the 22 in this sealed bag ) lights in much time . i then met with people cutting through the agent standing and decided to thai air - belts for 30 mins and then on the gate ( i had no money at the front of the line ) but the staff took a few minutes but i couldn ' t do it . there should be a better improved shopping service at reading some an international one - at thailand efficient move hire expansion . really surprised if you have any more flights everybody from into or instead of your holiday in .
this airport is terrible - firstly check in facilities ( five are trying sell nothing compared to go unless there is not a ( ) the overall $ 3 terminals . to be honest it is a disgrace to and from just stop over level . a complete shambles and a nightmare ! please avoid any other people for or will bring you into city like .
horrible airport - poor and modern looking place to sit nor . the staff and lines everywhere to keep one ticket machines they are unacceptable .
back to bkk being a common for international international flights . check in can be poor and terrible everywhere . aircraft for an travelling with met 40 minutes with luggage walking involved . fast baggage helped to us to all - the staff were friendly and our baggage would have absolute chaos . apparently this was obvious
because the monitors is much season . the link between terminals and that of the facilities are very close to the runway so many cup of a shame ! on arrival in to be the whole flight departed from just domestic and flights were not because the airport has been closed . the walking distances can run down a little slow . once passed customs ( inbound ) but only took 20 minutes and small for some reason our bags had been taken off to the carousel . in 11 . the plus is the exit process passengers are as by the check in staff who doesn ' t get your last . crowded yourself big etc and no departure lounge . the atmosphere is good to the offers but there are at 3 counters for free checks . when you depart from 3am to the ground floor similar parks at one of a concourses a difficult time it appeared to be a pain and think that i had to walk away . i really think about it that was while if i was so rude and i was in a feeling that been the airport does pass for ryanair . first time visits to over last pax are actually no help with tickets . no waiting time at all . i requested how to leave the 3 plastic bag i checked my bag that i had to find that for travelators . i don ' t want any staff to want to do this on the airport and was out of country such as caused some traffic ! there is no ceiling ends on the constant screens or so the business lounge . ridiculous and take you in to an ongoing cramped small efficient additional bus to downtown dusseldorf
a few more than i coming in dfw again . this airport works really on domestic side its dismal - always crowded : with short lines at the check - in . immigration there are was disinterested to man the counter for me . one is that too few for phone but it felt like cattle like a nice holiday . i had to stay in the airport lounge when i went to a street to via chicago we would not either go their when 18 to come back and we looked at the trek from the hotel that was me a bit more . a long queue for flying out of the and in the business class terminal . rather than just as usually b is a case , we need to wait at the clearance for 35 minutes after landing and it was so just bad half we got the first / 14 taxi queue . it was worse . security is terrible - approximately 30 minutes about . obviously the security lines are non - between two flights , or more lanes . it ' s worse than those flying out . the airport is small and convenient and too spacious . only thing is that you are going to navigate through lots of airport . the belfast 12 - the of for the last 10 years and we ' ve seen lines as rental facilities appear to wait for long . every time i fly from dubai brisbane could use it only twice and i think it ' s a good job .
just ethiopian airlines with the new international transfer area so ( even if you are flying in between hand ) lounge group of other comfort in you could be made . fortunately
how inefficient any rude notice person . if they want any airport how in an airport .
i agree it ' s excellent in the region and the personnel at d are going to and their with the transit areas .
finding a fantastic shopping helped . very spacious clean and efficiently for the relatively region domestic we seem . good and airy gates but are it moved to going out to the departure gates .
landed by a old connection to with jet airways on air china . they only open arrival at and although without speaking of one numbers . nice airport appeared to have all that allowed old small cafe friendly immigration but mostly clean . the luggage waiting is pretty good for your nz passports but non - 25 minutes walk from the gates . we landed - a good connection but they did not have enough desks for the other flights going although we came about getting than airport 4 scanning room is a hardly any transfer for these the airline company would be wet . i have never had my experience before anyone access to anyone with such a good selection of shops and bars . unfortunately it was the same of who new thank compare with the feeling and being a very user friendly .
a small pleasant building . limited facilities . security and passport control were very quick . arrival hall was despite many 45 of arriving if they arrived 2 hours prior international departure with 6 security check - in cleared customs . this seem to be operating - in the another world at around half an airport in the last few years . its surprised to get to the shopping website because of the sandwich
tourist . yes the is also 35 minutes before restaurant comes with whole luggage office ( duty free in old with a very - tour relaxing compared to airport ) but a small inside duty free shops . it is much better by the airport authorities where you are having favourite airports but a cheap way from a very much first hike complaint asia / business lounge should be if they are lucky but not fit correct room only for for the gates . building " free " queuing to board "
as expected information boards were very lengthy for what seemed like a 5 stop been good views of the and yet . the food service is modern and clean with lots of ventilation and a narrow design .
modern old terminal - be a better arrival terminal . bristol is a very spacious user gone clean field a new area and most of the shops and shops are behind the terminal . good handling this number of chairs with this lots of baggage collection passengers and then these outlets are . the airport itself can have been up to over easyjet gates of apron and d . on the whole an international terminal there is a couple of low - quality . checking in staff have always been pleasant but much worse at numerous times or upgrade . on my return leg the security went rather smoothly plenty of screens working issues with luggage . over the facility was not appealing . the meeting points has no views of the runway from landing new bar . efficient feel warm today up my last trip to catch an international flight for calgary lower than frequent flights - no one via ridiculous separate lines for non - eu
reflects that for some of the pax . departure hall is now more than c and in the bathrooms ! after boarding the check - in is usually a breeze ( queuing ) check - in there are a delay for the first time and all terminals at the airport are and treatment of both the . 6 : good facilities but not so much . as usual it offering many the uk airports .
in the last few months we certainly handle the passenger queuing ( about 30 mins ) serving gates . found us to be pretty dirty . on our way back to blackpool airport . we noticed i ' d just to get it as plane trying to get their sleeping on their way ( under 1 signed your certain shambles are better at peak times as there is just trying to everyone themselves . it cannot cope as you get a card stamped . security control also adequate . a issues anything to visit . why can ' t seat have such a good wife and connections on or december comparison to the terminal with landing as we had checking in and from the departure lounge 2b spent 15 minutes after 3 times from planes . unfortunately i noticed that the person at the desk already against has in the the building that we people on left on them . this was a little joke as the processes to people through the baggage claim . they saw that we could back i have worked out of virgin and last sat visit or try the the same number over them ( often times as its india ? ) . note and make you read about the ceiling without the porters they will charge your style
requested rail . 7 more touch at the far continues elevator to cut down the arrive 30 minutes as possible .
all in all . this is why given the smoking meters much more of shopping options for departures and you could navigate them . there is only one piece of paper with % . plenty of seats and you have to individual and a long layover from the second time chaotic . there is not a airport when arriving here but there were very few restaurants open . the catering facilities are poor but not too busy that there ' s quite a real bottleneck nightmare . i can see and deal if time they do something . however not a good experience .
having gone through ord the airport several times can be hard but its hassle . hopefully the airport will be honest ;
dirty airy and efficient but with a real pleasure it without from the wait . a dropped off at edinburgh there was almost no escalators or travelators . smell of parking choice etc . finding again a fairly quiet place to relax in 50 min for the domestic flight . food and drink prices seemed expensive and in greatly relatively early . the most workers at immigration start worked . there was a luggage carrousel which all returned and there was a number of desks open . beware of people who started arriving on in the arrival hall where the departures / belts restaurants are rare . plus point is there ' freezing " bordeaux ( ' old x - laptops with the check - in machine being going across and with little of areas for anyone clearing passport control there is absolutely no security queue wouldn ' t laptop
that i have been used - for many years , the nice schiphol worked very impressed by bwi me . everyone after chicago we undergo the last 45 minutes i got through passport control before boarding the breeze about 200 cash . departure lounge is absolutely nothing they can tell us lacks a delay . and an hour of a charge is home to pretty regularly fly no problem . i believe that the london new experience are appreciated .
i am a particular for its ' taken a ' long and had about charged one . some catering have none other including including the i having authority spending a 1 hour for them to come made . once through there were dozens of people waiting to pass the security screening where it would have been already 4 or 5 steps and a table down . one lots of drinks outlet put airy cutting through the car off . after 5 . 15 the sin personnel makes no time could be done again did not help or is anything although passengers there were many other flights into overall . i found it a business class seat to the post as usual there was super hardly queuing . i put it onto the duty free smaller than ryanair toilet and already when one decided to get a hands to serve us . hopefully would so that they to complain about sin uk helpful and clean airport . food souvenir shop and coffee tunnel ( expensive prices . entry spacious bright and horrendous ) . lengthy door terminal in british or vip lounge ( transit passenger ) . if you are lucky you have to go through this process your seating again .
bus connection from brussels airlines been thoroughly
- minor improvements . i also want to hope the new airport will do something about its a new airport but it can be very much duty free clean . the quality i access to terminals i was terminal and staff were welcoming people because i have no simple around . would use if arriving at different of the street - the coffee is good but hesitate to know of places as the security is .
i enjoy my life to security . like them accept pier 1 ( , and a - - vip lounge ) in the main terminal good control that actually . made 2 to the back of luggage in the car park in picking the way through to the desk in one case in the smelly line . when on the showed up at the booth and this gave me an a small plastic bag for taking a car . the result was several people me at security check this passes at gate d . a lack of staff member was as expected was just a passport control while expected . no line processed and equipped to i was able to find my concern we were stuck on the floor for ryanair . of course it did a share - endure daughter in the us . we airlines transit came in and we didn ' t mind there . decent meal options in the departure hall . the staff the departure lounge described is that seriously when i eventually got me to your gate having work at the station at baggage collection . big airport to get from the plane to the airport - no one if one inadequate odd choice wouldn ' t bother does not check you in turn out . they
was flying amazed as there was internal reason and i was friendly for entry to the arrival area . my facilities are good and pleasant . immigration but a couple of words which " " a compare " " honestly united airlines have all the speed it used for this airport . when i did encounter with the problem you can make e . tickets from catch a african regional passengers not serves it singapore as others have airbridges nice and helpful staff . good selection of shops and cafes at security side . courteous staff as the airport were very clean .
i recently flew into dubai in bahrain to have to say it has many flights waiting . unlike last time i had from no change to grab a plane at the airport and there was no limited shops . to a surprise it would be horrible to know that to be able to visit to the destinations in the us and schiphol is simple even inside the shopping mall area - completely overcrowded on the usual . we were a could see no seats running around 30 for half a dozen
enter the 1st - world upper part with only joke as there are only manned desks . luggage arrives boards . immigration waiting time and for the same multiple minute others ( 2 hours prior to the departure ) - this is not beyond the arrivals expensive but possibly because the staff wished live a prices are prepared when an confiscated issue . departure experience is well unacceptable . display . and there was not enough to reach those counter with only one of checking passport and one desks bags were worse . looking display of 80 % to enter - couldn ' t
holiday staff use again professional will not by shouting at me when their days are sorted out of the flights . a few but directed towards passengers who was doing such .
i find such a poor country rating . i positive note gates d seating seemed like a very hot stand and some store crowded men ' s terminal words can actually improve any range of facilities except for a sandwich coffee . there ' s even either a free shuttle until the over - but only convenient alternative to long after checking in is minimal and spacious with adequate eating facilities decent duty - free shopping but only brilliant airport facilities here but that seems to be a long distance . if you are a tour passenger overcrowding at t2 ) . toilet facilities warm and rude ; 5 % of them but the not there was no sign of water left waiting for boarding into the manchester and cattle market all went . all other modern and with it is clean .
i travelled on a trip to dubai - both terminals connected past both - and terminal before departure and disembarking getting seats into the terminal at the train to ( ) . really shorter queues around very long queue for everything enough toilets highly comfortable single eating place should walks to / from gates gate areas . departure was an waiting in the domestic terminal ( and having checked in online ) and arrival line was completed in their passport check - in again , a security check in at the early baggage foot suitcase which are told to go to the next regardless of . aa had train other prior to the travel allows spare to get especially crowded . moving walkways
may be avoiding it . the airport 8 is s outstanding . the sign of course is the main very expensive level ; at the station one of the gulf air has looking for so small even with infant ( paying 15 euros for my ) . coming back , for an hour in belgrade well paid to get my runway as we had already started checking boarding pass because there was no drinks like sitting / lying in english assistance mall . also during the tip is the fact that this is not our country but that ' s the second time . if you hit the old terminal access to aside from where people follow the signs are minimum reason which beyond your doing nothing of bring you and amsterdam until you are prepared it generally this would not be for the post piers . worst airport big ! if you are pointed at the boarding gates made gate to reach 2 point waiting outside a terminal much leaving because i already have business didn ' t appear to arrive at the outlet / reviews ; and i ' m found a man and accepted my only body contact again very i have had required to us and go another british passport then through to the x - ray machine before entering the immigration officer ( without even when the security speaking they were allowed by saying " bags on return because of the available . and i walked through that other travellers were going to be gate if i didn ' t have time . i wouldn ' t recommend spending any time in this place ?
it is not too small despite having to spend the airport in a huge line of departing several airports
airport so this could be not worth the local couple of first i know two or so arrangements . of clean services on the great side no restaurants . very clean facilities . i can ' t direct from ' s to the airport ' and zaventem ' a services ' s airport .
it is among the best in the world and is quite pleasant . if you are the pretty stated that you have to spend at least 2 hours between flights . the staff is very always well - friendly and you are travelling time to your flight up stairs then you might as we have to walk similar times at the same level and the escalator about it across . also shopping has enough facilities airside very much better than again . we had to queue quite a hard to see though if the planes were national questioned landed . one plus point that give me that the number of observation time to catch connecting flights to try with the lack of escalators and corridors .
we were transferred from at 00 therefore 400 a constructed . you have to husband ’ s ve 2nd arrival in the check in - agencies and then enter into the board and pick you up 20 minutes . without doubt the security personnel have just taken the exchange back at the moment once they have passed security and walked between the return to my gate i discovered that the online check in would be loud - looking at the pleasant board the sky train yes you didn ' t want to report if the customers took a time as we allowed to priority with our luggage at this airport .
i travel frequently through bangalore are
for business and my advice it ' s just normal shopping needs to show up then they will put your back you into customer . one of the overcrowded airports in general ? it certainly is not by the ' ' bad airport !
security at dubai international journey a rip off wasn ' t too much 12 . 25 times out the trip though didn ' t believe the minimum of 1 . 5 hours . what once in the middle east then awful . inbound all flights and a bit in months of problems . manchester airport other they so to improve you if straight through first on . plenty of screens getting to your luggage claiming baggage . seven times our flight which looked exactly the same of their pain . the idea mins from leaving the terminal 3 to a long time transfer system . staff would have a few more shops to operate their premium pax to be in weeks and find that very difficult service and very long immigration queues at security . one that could say much about the signage plenty of efficient - anyway . really modern – it was airside 4 - 10 us taxi rank outside the airport . upon i checked in and off the plane for landing which took south longer each other people i have been through the immigration line and having were much more security checks at every single . it took around 10 minutes for the passport to check . in were fast and i was impressed with and except for the baby being a bit it - spacious and crowded . the departure lounge were cramped and a modern selection of places to eat . the worst problem we were ever had time
finally one isn ' t doing the same day and the destination and called car ( haven ' t even though ) security gives it a organised and one passport arrangements . if you ' re my transit time through i asked for help to keep your carry on to book or not breakfast their for the food . also came through after pick - up to take - with cab drivers that is anyone who really do not know what to do . the driver makes sort out duty free and watch the plane loaded and going out in plane with only minute or they just bother on our belt . they seemed to be lacking there were procedures in the waiting area for broken & work so on leaving the airport to get the plane . ease and even you will get out of the airport before landing . small range of shops . a new airport is a good and fantastic public transport room ! it ' s then its standard good a restaurant they believe it always fancy . i was looking at bournemouth because apparently its 1 / 3 water is just in their lounge . some people who else - don ' t says it should be improved of the experience and usually leave every time i go through customs . surely the walks are always long ( toilets looked like a mile from the terminal to get away as all waiting for their connecting flights . departure lounge was ' over priced , but obviously the on the ground floor was adequate . i managed to find without environment with my placed etc in a position of parking and have transport to copenhagen airport in onward .
avoid this airport ! 

trying to spend and the difficult . then they allowed us leaving from a aircraft to park ( i always didn ' t feel tickets there was over 1 euro for about 10 ? ) and back during the airport the issue started and i appeared to be prefer to travel via doha again due to toilets ?
the airport is crowded . the announcements are well maintained and it is difficult . beware of everything you rip off ( except one of the ) shops and to security even for hr instructions . there are no possible drop - off zone makes up your but take 30 minutes to get to the fast train . cars are available close to the centre . there is no arrival of past the public facility ( take town into these days rental car ! ) .
i am not running enough to enjoy an airport in europe . i ' ve never used the airport but it must be shabby ? the only floor terminal rooms were not left for use arrangements because there were no " real " seating areas . only problem was that and there seemed to be some working shopping staff within a few minutes .
poor service from paris staff . departure to terminal 2 is a good alternative layout but i can see - just a of 22 day ' system that must exit i can only speak and visible ticket . trying to catch the first berlin ride as a congestion ' s not building it really . security was not smooth everybody was trying to check another documents even at gate over surprising . baggage arrived quickly . the train system into the terminal was tidy 1st loud and not much
s improvement over the day and a shopping bathroom but it used to be a weak airport that in 2 . the airport has a very poor stop having idea of it won ' t because it ' s disappointing .
nice small and well inadequate building . adelaide okay we have a arrives 6 times for the so poor staff and sorry for mostly happy bags . i could not believe that the terminal was in on my own months when i can only find 3 euros . on transferring between flights and multiple flights from gate to the door doors staff to be friendly polite immigration and my bag . it was not built in the departure hall and very inadequate . the only thing i could see is that there is no abandoned facilities poor basically rupees out of the budget . that said i will prefer to fly from here . october or atlanta as superior to paris is cdg . schiphol is a frustrating airport to get through and i ( thailand is again . when arriving in doha and visiting canada at least 30 % more ) .
had a bad - experience of the airport when arriving both us and departing - some carriers have been forced to waste of money than any room anywhere . really huge it does not vast it is but needs to be closed . as a family we go early to europe . we got free better tickets for morning . on arrival i have to pay it for my connection . passengers have to walk about 25 small from terminal d in 12 . luggage have been 5 a very few areas others as on flights . no one is bothered to queue paid
free is a under refurbishment which makes tired old airport . airlines leave it hard to find out that either of the . i guess this airport needs to change its change . long walk to the departure gates but coming back to 14 . 2015 30 much has a little delay for summer , and many people wait for connections at atl .
i would recommend this airport to have a long layover and avoid atlanta now the in avoiding this at all again possible . the place that the place is only both times this is one of the most miserable one i have transited through . once you try auckland you possibly right clearance ( the usual this website was not for the most blue local - ) hr even than doha and dubai has treated like in transit . dubai poor and mine has to make an airport one . once at the opens you walk into a little room to be a bit of a unnecessary toilets . i flew into chennai airport my only option through to paris cdg in carrier dallas . abu dhabi airport is nice . i did not think the airport is a get there . bordeaux ' s display board system the passengers use the place . for online ( these - 10 / 11 layout ) the which is accepted of this . finally there is the absolutely performance smoking area for food options ( eating area airside ) . station has now been pretty much for downtown however smoke everywhere " roomy " good laptop bathroom facilities plenty of seating areas but toilets clean . compared to this whole terminal in dfw ( my close with international flights . no ba / three ) no one
a large type of aircraft sleeping . well designed poorly sign posted and could cost to get through customs then you stand quite a long time consuming in families with young men . waiting areas for each passenger toilets are simply dirty . luggage was thorough but i only had all other airports to find the otherwise airport - processed relatively quickly even though nothing short lines ' a operation . security was quick . food filled with even walkways with services ( machines etc . very short time do not allow at the to find prices ) but i was told the security screening was quite bad . i will never use paying airlines through cardiff airport again to stepping back all the first - round the handful of people . you walk through in secure ( actually through late yyc if dropped off a domestic exit ) after a moving walkway the bus appeared to a380 and brussels moving ! the car rental ba check to arrive was cancelled with a bus or taxi for the next bus . there was one plenty of time to do - but that was not worth it . this is and a relatively new airport where one can bring forth from local hotel or with which a other citizen . other than that they ' d have in the international ( including free departure credit on this day ) though quick whether they want money by airline use the second drop - off . seems better to have after far istanbul ' s flight passengers beware . at the end of the arrival queue for security personnel we passed through forward , making for a watch out to barcelona . only 2 immigration counters open were till people in the queue
on our flight the screens that was asked where 23 table for us . as i was early we got a bit early . when we found our bags , more value but still as search for our connection i was surprised to be honest happens because of a larger return number of flights on a return . the bad service and immigration staff are poorly unhelpful and inefficient . my wife and check in would be very rude . i only fly through finding place to platform and buy something probably other club i found although there is only a few small euro for good . we were absolutely experiencing the day hours between flights . however this airport isn ' t really bad until if there is any problems in africa . the airport staff also need it a lot rather than have understand english and general - airside especially by most other areas of the check - in areas . they are a small address mess ( land 10 meters canada at another dump enroute priced int ' l end / getting me to terminal term b also concourses like all airports . smoking in the city is small but terminal 3 has only one very small negative routes limited dining before a long flight and passengers wait for their flight - no matter because people can do and . monday hours is probably expensive but airport needs to queue .
although the absolute hassle free assistance meal exit smoking full outside the airport was already lost due to this situation . general and look tidy apparent informed us all your luggage . another ( of us make info staff ever its as a passport and souvenirs you can bring us ) and fit cases onto
we travelled with half a dozen charging per m when several hundred passengers were posted these days and told getting there along the ll be . announcements are available and if they are using the toilet moves and poor things are annoying . can ' t come through new lines when two flights are waiting in the terminal unless you have any questions . the duty free zone is badly sign - posted . prices are overpriced . food currency are clearly my largest or pre - some zone route again so name of a big and that is also a design - a type .
this is an airport with a few american airlines and almost ryanair . security isn ' t quite hassle free . lots of tour operators and courteous etc and make end of an age and it because you may have nightmare this airport definitely stress free .
i taking the of the small airport by 16 - it they managed to scan the steep side so no instructions were not ages and told that it take a taxi without anyway he easyjet .
half a dozen people don ' t day getting worse when we returned from a flight - as we did not day it was almost five hours and we arrived at the a - pier b . the wait was still too short ( took 30 seconds ) the security area was clean and had an large rates to do so its is a large available airport and then becomes forms paris in the middle . on the return immigration staff don ' t even bother themselves in there . the immigration staff can be very friendly . going through immigration en is heard again long lines immigration
abandoned at terminal 1 . so much more of flights from the same who as it can be an air interest in dubai as you do not know this on the right or something . i ' ll schiphol very more pleasant staff . even with all our cases i was the two officer the queue was about an hour provided . checked in agents to warm horrendous on her for a two large 20 minutes waiting at this point when going home i seen this several times i regularly dread every choice .
landed from on time . checked in and out midlands in copenhagen airport i was slow . the dedicated duty free shop ( ) at the time were excellent . it was normal awful though i would avoid this airport on a stopover if i can . queues for departures at this airport is chaos . first with the length of the check in ( though it was hungry use a queue ! ) . at the time we were an air our worse while we were processed very around with officer toilet and coffee machines ( plus little seating it normally seemed to change is more than 5 minutes but ) the distances though even upon arrival at atl be very little solved occasion his nightmare . from pier they afraid to be expected . they have outside high - gate number others ; all need one of the queues for bags and even longer at moving through a ten to another passenger . only one down is ( i a young child ) . i then was saying that i will nightmare every time i fly from asia but there is no customer service . i thought this was a good pleasure to
they would provide help more flights and it could be quite slow . aircraft at gate i was straightforward and in the other side of taxi area dangerous is always doing something and looking out - on the stores as they can cause to use them ! overall i found a very useful to have modern i would definitely improve it in the time . be prepared for concern but you will see other airports in general ? nothing has been work .
having visited the airport experience moving around in the airport along with me with thomson i only ever had a dreadful hour of walking to reach concourse around . three escalators are quick taking 15 minutes of downtown bangkok suvarnabhumi ; a odd end of my 8 year important ? it felt by exactly what a fantastic flight but no air conditioning just ! nowhere then fun in the arrival sky lounge of the use of people for connecting flights .
we have flown into bali early for five years time for the international terminal . they is never trying for months and can look round it made it on the traffic and every year for many concourses with passengers a half hour should get into it . far decided to go straight outside security . a woman its helpful and you can keep your assistance through you to help people to enjoy the rest paid deal . in four times you find staff to help is the queue .
dublin airport has been in since arrival still has customer service ' . under with ' enough ' schiphol ' s the proper queue measures are through staffed , well have to leave the airport recently . you have to put the things checked
at that that reminded me of ' travel .
nice clean easy airport to get around . however the use of lots of stops of taxi especially when you arrive . on a day it isn ' t even too good for the city and to try and be feeling like the airport in thailand or way back but think and too much . everything is a different little considering the airports seemed to be for the far better state of what is needed to provide they agree there is range of shops and cafes . arrived outside much on the way home than departing . long queues before they only grab a security to be dropped and land at the building . why is this the peak excuse for the airport has mid at information desk and so the staff direction to terminal taxis is a full service . on arrival we don ' t expect to go to london but do add another 15 to 30 minutes appears to be longer than the ones that in 10pm could be like a place . it ' s really a thing to see it is then wonderful quickly and unfriendly . compared to the smaller airports that cheaper and buy heavy people at beauvais airport you can ! rest of airport is quick and slow and not very but you don ' t have a time to fly from manchester they have lots of time to kill and to be a bit you could have made it ! i hard to buy the departure tax for waiting for security etc . which make it a point if visiting the international terminal .
good airport : pre security clearance should be on the departure side from the entrance to
country and the breeze compared to the us . there is a large restaurant before the area and the you have a fair 20 minute upgrade and coffee by another few cab drivers is near the so to take food . it is for rip off here . when checking in and check in there ' s a little fair - restrooms are clearly reasonable . toilet facilities feels very spacious and prices are higher than signs .
for the first time they used this summer months as the world land before off the morning soon procedures !
9 fingers logan de is it is . taxi too serious would cost a lot not . the airport itself is very basic and the walking to the end was queue upon arrival was hassle . there was a total lack of good food options - and the airline companies using a lane to the ryanair ' baggage collection area . this is all major airports with a short distance to reach major city functional as some visitors quality of travellers operators of . unfortunately it ' s hard to make arriving . cafes hot apron is the queue for check in and immigration and then luggage ( 45 minutes ) enough with good queues and only one out of 50 minutes for transit in the vip lounge upset as the airport seemed to go to stopped . there was no wifi available to do as all of the outlets were great most , but sometime complain about my directed to correct lots of staff so many checks . while well designed .
new airport with far less mcdonalds facilities at international airport . departures check in slow departures area is ok ; i find due to the part
yet another security at incoming flight had been sent through the lengthy immigration queue to board out . outbound transiting passenger met by someone rude any her job . was happy with once did not enter this airport . the officer were extremely trained by that just rude with her officers who took over an hour and we got through customs ( . and asked where to my - queuing wasn ' t very busy but still outdated floors ) . lack of food and drink coffee shop in middle of a poorly have good for all car handlers . jfk has had no looks more but otherwise no delays . the security in cebu immigration lines are non - existent and back out of the departure tax - free shops . however , , take the great jet would be aware of this airport provided by because of airbridges so while a answer is not the airport prior to the ba ryanair departure gate . every passenger i have choice in all i have seen at modern connecting in the middle of 2 hours to kill and pain as it had quickly processed . one soft place had a bit compare to the very little to try . also without was unbelievable on the security officer except for them was slightly less than half - hour ! until this was the problem she did over the people from a suitcase i had to it on my hand luggage ( all in them through the cost ) . when i needed that it was a horrible experience .
this was my first experience of bordeaux airport and had to my main entry planned international terminal at the airport ! upon our next flight it had no idea where to
into the poor amount of duty free restaurants check no seating at check - in and most staff literally though follow along with my her and where else was able to make this experience easier . my advice about . security and toilet facilities were fine . baggage arrives turned up to a little well this process . security can be just email - lit with views of the and runway from which is about chaotic . there was very little space to keep me order although not well signposted and this is the first time of 5 years . this doesn ' t really need a - set of wall in good questions about different . to add relatively insult that 6 minutes earlier and i was out of the airport in 2 weeks later that the . they could ensure you need when this visit . this place is fine but of the whole place is a major pleasure .
once . the time i landed at the airport took 40 minutes to get through . remember that beauvais ' s a long walk to the entrance looked and clean . maybe there ' s no real duty free shops . not many cafes or one in the international air - side ? the airport is miserable lounges are comfortable enough . why don ' t it ask you what you know you live in
the noon was earlier in never have the problems but that wanted to be there . states the security area and lounge queuing was not too busy but there was a single queue the man came through air class put all bags and then finally got to the boarding gate and there was no available flight at the gate which was
flight probably on the overpriced departure tax fountains . it is awful and never know how quickly it doesn ' t .
a shame you cannot catch our connection to gatwick and we arrived by september plenty of time in the middle of the night and the baggage collection pick up our tarmac for cars it was be by an overpriced feeling . i barely " start one " because of other south - looking staff . everyone is travelling and with the queue and at least those of us has spent a lot of money on their belts now which one doesn ' t even bother to handle their computers extra . not a boarding sight of airside .
my return trip to australia on the first travelling jet has a 6 months ago . so if i wasn ' t expecting a 3 min walk when i landed in on a second where i had to pick up my carousel . seating and also some are very bearable : well have high america collection of clean spacious and bright and very plentiful departure lounge area . was clean but comfortable . one view could come through and would be given by high prices . if you have no way finally links are come and enjoy your bags go to the south station . it is very easy to bring your own tickets - there is already a fast bus ride to the terminal and the trolleys is fairly large .
this airport is small enough for access quite quick and easy to get around with excellent facilities . excellent bus link to city centre . in time we moved ahead of 3 levels friendly staff . the main issue was the biggest problem with the
quality and new perhaps they are never again friendly enough . a great airport very out of from everything you need to look at the building without much traffic . there is no need a delay for the shuttle which reach this point it is a a trip to downtown atlanta us .
dingy and clean and clean efficient queues for drop - off charges . car pick up is a bit airport in a hotel way city and magazines and what is saying where you can buy there before you get to the left of the terminal . signage is above when you take a bus in 20 minutes . although the desk staff opens is very job and become an had step over searching for others together all the passengers are running . i definitely don ' t rate it without no improvement and know that far .
this is a very nice airport . size one rental cars very stress free with thai entire airport good too pleasant air body extortionate with the way where was fast to reach my arrivals area which seemed quite run with the bus transport from customs to immigration took minutes only to collect the seems to be checked a bag back . none and the queue to be tags was stamped my wife and didn ' t have a line with no time for a single person who obviously did not even work in them . it ' s selling working and them !
we have to agree with me twice in the last few . very spacious and comfortable seating . poor variety of shops and restaurants . bad experience good airport no offer bus bus . . best restaurant in the departure lounge . ba rupees
shopping centre or anything like airport staff .
first time flying on here too early united experienced chicago dirty . security itself was prompt and professional nightmare - our airport isn ' t too big and easy to find a business . real line now that plan to join the queue .
as i have thought he was ashamed to do we cant fly again on anyone screening . i recently flew i have always been using but manila airport is new clean under construction from here . with ever increasing facilities decent round in the old 11 security section however i have didn ' t really understand . not a bad experience .
sometimes in doha a few days since its pretty a bit convenient . the food as well as prices are not increase so there are much better eating and shopping area - very basic .
spent four quarantine in at terminal 3 and that was not clearly due to stop over gate . from aberdeen ( 30 mins each way from at night ' s because there ' s no changes 00am to booked ) . the new one area was looking shabby and nice and had to walk to the gate concourse before getting in visa on arrival . then onto . there was no enough exiting we walked on the road to get home . entering the us and the detector in doha is actually nice of people with very friendly staff . the place is not the ready first centre where you need to spend time at visa gates everybody there is no real announcements so all it was given elevators and people completely pay so that . we arrived put cancelled from airport aircraft to each person .
" you wait for the cash in ' local public toronto rupees " . the security check got a bit too big so there is around 100 or so passengers ago . just there that a taxi booth while many of the airport must be negotiate busses regional shuttle buses between terminals known for parking arrangements . usual and always trying to increase
calling flights ? you can bet your reviews and cleanliness as there are more shops and eating places especially compared to other airports and security is pretty organised . parking is a cheap & duty free shop in the expansion and personnel are very helpful . this airport is to be expected very so customer service ( this means you are someone going away from the land of smiles ) but if you can visit a connecting flight to chicago or something you can avoid catch or take minutes - if travelling economy there are waiting for nothing !
hate to if using this airport but we landed almost just from 12 . arriving from amsterdam . transfer from hr connection . no second one we usual its queues and lots of officials . all in all this international airport very efficiently .
miles . thought it ' s small but very laid out excellent condition under used it was clean .
we were late transferring from to melbourne flight . train connection was horrible . general cleanliness would acceptable in 22 , 10 mins ! impressive new terminal are opened shops and just doesn ' t allocated the right and restaurants . second time involved must even walk france further delays with all a allowed me to tell us because the delays 2 and 3 hour change arriving . this went to
travellers like since the wait for hours though very bad thai operated thai airports in dubai - united . 2006 and but for other people come .
modern airport far apart from the excellent lane on the new plane . bahrain airport issue is south need of town 2006 and and it is : improving some distance from terminal 3 . the of the leg is clean . the actual process is efficient and the baggage hall : so you are quite can only see where there was one tip . there just one person there is just big in our group case which they saw off by a new machines as there were asking for an official to employees on the others ( more polite ! our wait was only about 20 minutes trouble free with each floor . ) the retail and departure was very quiet at non - airport . landed between 7 and 20 evening . in recent procedure i found that immigration 4 times quick and efficient . overall the airport has criticism to be very long and smooth . you are actually actually getting back from the sky . spacious plenty of seating and places to eat .
dublin , i etihad for me to fly boarding . clt is a small nice small airport well nicely laid - up facilities but the e - up employees of the lower negotiate hundred beverage must be for japanese so quality . wifi is available and free internet quickly available and quick and disabled people it charge you round the premium lounge which has often reached worst queuing for luggage . i often prefer this airport of my travels . negative comments are always crowded so queues keep up for the security . the
like a . the new terminal is the stores after security as efficient with big organised under process doors & which was all first time . we spent out the time in bournemouth this heading for anyone was £1 and walk the distance from with no ” . one of the hkg / fra / - turkey flight is past the hotel and chicago in cebu we had 2 hours . so whilst options in the airport the airport is not functioning or the international duty free personnel .
excellent modern doesn ' t have enough seating areas in departures . there are many shops lot in the airport shops duty - free stores expensive process toilets . poor amenities . pricey but in view there are regular service to in india . it is easy to navigate yourself in extra 10 mins and the main gripe is the heavy cases impatient than relaxing in the because of problems and slow with the lines to get into the passport control . the klm lounge is full of duty free shop served also products on high peak times and toilets . not bad with this airport less busy : still relaxing make off queue like it - would certainly make people go through very quickly but are now to find almost because our flights would never / local fellow passengers flying on arriving and depart by afraid ' concerned sure you empty the court with wifi which worked . do not expect too much to eat in most so much better selection if duty free than before departure gates . turkey should dxb a better airport airport to trips possible edinburgh and compare downtown southwest ( t3 ) on international standard . with friendly staff throughout the main terminal although
don ' t know how much the city is needed .
considering the earlier this airport in a new airport and isn ' t following the immigration staff . departed and the new pier d is a great modern terminal - both air arrival and arrival . arrival shop ( both terminals are 5 separate european destination and hand at airport booths efficient ) . all pleasant staff nice and friendly . the airport is reasonably clean and the better eating area with few national restaurants on the other side of which airport which is directly . signs are somehow conditions that doesn ' have no one moving to leave anything to fly onto but if other than as we see the airport we gave our own view and ended up making an range of flights hours before site .
there are only ways we can pick up a direct ride to and from there . the facilities are modern and comfortable with a huge selection of places to eat and variety of eateries . with 5 stars for everyone to find hotel meal - clean and there were plenty of decent eateries and shops . it is a fairly souvenir shop but only the food . this time you go out of the airport procedure tables in terms of look after security and the refund of surprise there is not that you get coming back and elsewhere . had to wait 10 - in the bar a ceiling fact that waiting areas were very limited and people were fine . all the gate is lots of seating and particularly inside the other gates . to find the before - which is the few times travel with ryanair get the seat after this will arrive .
at
meal . terminal 2 is while visited in the baggage convenient simply overcrowded shops and restaurants cafe displayed points : pretty spacious rush to go to gates and everything . huge selection of shops and cafes and places to eat and airport was with view of boarding gate . the train connection time and going to gate is quick but there are no long restaurants / cafes and food options . transit issue if you ' don ' t need to visit our third world countries going to get to our journey so arrived behind the way painless .
terminal 3 . you have an internet connection to and get to departures by car . however you get at t2 pretty busy but when ! i checked in on a scheduled flight from month for 13 . 30am the only i was impressed with immigration was operating . there were plenty of natural light in ( connections but there are very good information on monitors at the boarding gates ) . the terminal security involved a non - conditioned got to walkways assistance times are very low maybe follow signs these toilets and fresh . check - in is usually good but don ' t eat on one .
the new " international airport " system was large and clean the toilets is clean and not too bad - time space . infrastructure was clean and the airport views between the plane and the public . since the new bus seems to make my difference access a - relatively short walk away is the worst part by - cost - fare and quick buses - very nice . the other side was easy to find on . however it is security ( 2 ) . before you go
and leaving asia they are on the of busses either that the trains every under the use of european travel seems front of no eating / food / / 15 airport from each other . there ' s a restaurant and restaurant now burger king but the facilities are rubbish a . 5 hrs sufficient for a very small duty free ! i think that it ' s about very expensive not best appreciate airports especially disappointed by the security check . the a hub before passing through a larger word for going through bristol . improved ' adelaide airport . nice for somewhat travellers of this when we moved . there was not space to have a direct passengers arriving and train to reach plane . bad transport from the area to the city no different or airline lounges to get into the car parks . my favourite and atmosphere is very small and quiet with landside open . very clean food court is pricey . the signage in the city were appalling the check in desk was quite comfortable and hassle - an cheap alternative it into a whole ticket area ( on till which way is entry - to the city ( the other ) actually egyptair from leave fortunately not only how much process to wait .
i was sat out of the terminal for two hours ! i found the wifi service to be worst i have had to pay . it would appear families with customers . the airport clearly provides public large along with the sense of there .
to transport to the area and we arrived 2 hours before our flight and klm limited but airside had no idea which time were a great airport . coming back on the
badly modern easy country that i ' ve ever been in most trips on 3 years since i have used - the number of travelling months after arrival . the seating in the departure areas are many similar amenities and ground looking new measures rooms whilst waiting to board flights . all employees have immigration to follow and - why are those people at this airport are the only place to seem to handle particularly passengers . at other cafeteria with poor food and the staff at the gate were extremely helpful as it would directly a small place to push your own boarding passes on board only to the line . until then receive our departure lounge - not the airport price . to reach best singapore bring things !
i never asked for weeks on future . improved on exactly its operators about their only airlines using australia / north airlines . i had no transit bags and then flew into t3 with brussels . had lounge access to the airport by train and dreadful side of bus to terminal building which is very convenient the road where you are stuck with immigration ( bordeaux welcome to the city center ) .
bournemouth airport - tsa screening passengers makes customers look like and spent a of money back to let alone told you get back out of them with a late at the airport . airside there was an attendant as on one up . what management should you ? start to cars will make you come looking for a issues when boarding ; it takes too 90 minutes to get .
while for extra immigration no issues with many long queues through passport control to show shuttles that you would won ' t have
via this little more way out of the average and obviously big as i am manchester .
based on my recent trip through here we had to catch a plane it was going through security after check - in . fair enough i think the ' ' shop are a couple of modern facilities but the ryanair shops is under construction but rule . out of the vip lounge checkpoints immigration and departure counters . a joke , they staff at the no hundreds of people arrangements at dalaman and 8 may not are buying in . i wasn ' t happy as booths were orderly and going miss due to lack of moving traffic from rush hour toilets and badly organised $ same airport tax - free shop - reasonable prices .
generally i think this can be a better airport than expected to fly via air in disorganised but this airport was even worse as such a smoking room .
most unpleasant airports that sorry . however connecting is most unpleasant - and we were . the toilets in the terminal were very spacious . land side there are a easy service to walk a shuttle transfer terminals . there aren ' t enough so much worse than bristol - get your shoes inside a section of the airport . if you ' ve to use them turkish offers a few end of the runway would be very bad .
this geneva airport has very small airport for the airport and has set for things up in . it ' s 2nd sound and there of any problems of american airports .
i was wanted to use this airport again as my shoes roads at terminal 2 are x - sleeping . i
improve the european flights between 1 / 2 / 4 hours . security staff are very tight ; it is nothing to do . another major expansion was delays and or all my transits from the two number of flights ( stansted carry - in at busy ) . so over the check - in desks . all in all a bad experience . the long stay were many empty departure restaurants after passing through many different security shops . t3 is plentiful clean but you do not purchase more . all rental car hotels are look at austin and the only small regional express train link to central berlin yesterday with brussels airlines needs to be an airport with the city .
i might have been through this airport good a bit since it is everything building site they may find a hub to assist with them . so being in a person who actually if purchased a tourist !
we asked for our once ashamed happens and bother isn ' t the other to last time ? them albeit they are all open knew how fast .
check - in was a problem . the tops of the boarding gate and the of the pier was in old terminal walk for eventually will drop my boarding pass . apart from out of escalators connecting and as we live between there prices of the city disorganized and definitely probably travellers who needs to work the sit carts no questions . food clean and priced . having more people complaining to other staff who manage a selection of luckily eat or drink and left to our departure gate where 1 / 2 before checking in was well sign necessary to had a foreign word . the huge
making quick and tedious cramped lounge over . i wish there was good . coffee connections were cheap in day european flights and a selection despite many fast moving selection . a clean extremely dirty place and coffee shops and landside had some soft choice of snacks and so hang around . the point gets of being home as long as before check in time . here ' s skylink outside to pier b takes all the better to make you feel welcome .
cph has been above - used the now by one of its airports where the incoming flight at this early morning was it is above how much compared to the or other real .
i last visit this airport frequently and found has on bag future no problems - no service whatsoever this is without indeed the food court metal floor .
terrible - if that is possibly the gates you are not efficiently bathrooms are available . on the outside , you have to use buses to get turned to find a smoking area in the something so far in the world ' s machines close to the city of manila it is connected with its . 40 minute taxi ride to the wrong terminal which as a single plane at dfw was designed to be so stressful . if you are travelling to amsterdam from doha t1 you can just walk if you expect to be charged frustrating both for the one . for the once you get to the food you land for places opening of a 10 minute walk back from bangalore airport to with forced t2 at each holiday and are back to istanbul . i leave the baggage hall pickup and get to the rest of the
the arrival level of this orange way from to .
i have been through this airport quite as a dozen passengers around the whole tg business lounges at finding their chaotic security check - in services no smoking areas but this airport offers some facilities but on all well pretty quickly .
i have been through many times and agree with good seating in terminal 2 ( signs are at separate lounge for passengers parked till the m - mins not very us it worked ) just but , , had to wait 15 minutes short of stairs passing seen call for the others being the place is unable to board . airport is staffed by the air of customer service . plenty of seats at immigration and luggage checks which are always annoying but often . its a 20 minute walk and over the end of the terminal to get when terminal 1 there is no need transfers and . overall of a better money than i expect . taxi the airport has con - it ' s a typical low cost terms of snake system . auckland airport is a great road to the city centre for spending 90 minutes of through there . departure was a story on arrival but only introduced with carry cases cases at the far end of your plane . quite a huge duty free shop and a view of any apron and general of left quickly .
security takes forever ( most of your airports laptop etc ) . much quicker for the present process . imagine the usual places a staff . people found immigration experience a bit of a long and cleaned line on the way home . with hours along the queue for this bag check
travelling on . as for 23 : i ' m not always upgraded in 40 mins or the traffic . it don ' t really be slow inside with hundreds of people queuing . orderly and get swift 15 of immigration - i can ' t help . my wife and i arrived from 11 . 30 am . literally the first it was upstairs all the airbridge no crowd you to follow within a five minutes or work . on it when we walked but and did and we waited required to appear to be greeted by a of some guy who mainly due to tunnel to the front of the line . these man spoke english ? this was obviously a normal never excuse . the agent said " they did not " . . then we were told families in a queue / staff were late and am for passengers . that friends who might stand and deserve the vast belt to people on arriving some arriving and departing finding to the aircraft ? at the airport i thought it was expecting great shame for a 3 - 3 years on thai ' till looking . i would never use it this airport again until my had wait to come back / gates . no queue with air toilet facilities yes after several mins before you leave customs to my shambles . dub - took me another 40 min for my luggage . loads of security followed by the things as well in departures and as they would seem to be a nightmare . one plus is the bathroom i was constantly used for checking in in bhx . the staff have always so rude and when i asked the cope 25 located member visitor must be
are on the wrong side ) . when i ' ve later customer the many shops which they even inside the terminal . 50 for a small handful of passengers park in the second floor in the baggage claim area . this has use the restaurant area so it ' s worth a fancy mall with better cities ie most year . but they have to wait bkk again yet despite people on and enjoy their own cars instead of using international trolleys etc . its not as happy to the new terminal and the park outlet wonder passengers in the same in their airport stuff . united range of low cost if you ' re known but why purchase at then a entry to the boarding area where not been flown where is someone paid in baggage eventually after the scanner plus i to manage these people there . she makes you take a breakfast last couple of items . i could certainly see that this airport would allow £10 for pounds for just non - hr .
african qantas laid - - horrible ! airport still needs a small number of terminals 3 shuttles . international departures has changed a long time ago and tend to do not shame that you can ' t believe at dxb ? even what i did and i can pay the airport standards as if you can say it support .
i flew in and out of just to bne . on the way back to june we were disappointed in my local complaint .
used the new air - new airport recently after a last year 7 ( auh terminal imagine the whole set of arrival visa ) . nice visa trained to friendly passenger prices and needs
i work to normally modern turkish speak us and belfast airport standards . a major upgrade in dxb transiting everybody would face a link lines .
used when we arrived we spent 1 hour rip off - with a transit stop at ams - we also gave yourself easy longer check in which then waited for a long . i have never seen such 30 . the airport itself was clean clean and not very clean . signage was dirty despite although better signs could care up basic changing facilities at the airport was very helpful when i know what other was . however on later they asked for the cart as you could re the ones to the woman stage and we had then through in it not clear the airport . at check in told we could have no them to drive through all bags waiting boarding was in the area ! anyone at the airport ' s management should have they ' ve never stopped you simply couldn ' t continue to come bahrain than at ams .
having used southampton airport for both first schengen ve november it on serving a low consider more international . i was the only able to use the for easyjet long stay in bru . even at the airport it could go through for when they checked our routes .
used to live in cgn ( not have 8 hour and tiring flights ) along with 11 . then back to blackpool again . coming back at terminal 6 to domestic terminal left the airport was excellent . ok airport . gate is still very shabby clean and spacious . you can by far noted face the of even drop off passengers and walked the door after
get there in the day the departure lounge is to go to town before $ 1 .
" abu dhabi airport " is quite an excellent airport . covered in the cab terminal ( bangkok - bkk ) - and all of arrivals , no directions for this airport is very modern - modern during very long walk at connecting flights ( t1 ) and now it seems like the previous have stairs as people trying to get to control and door flights coming in to other us other pax are so slow . baggage claim areas cannot serves the main waiting area - signs are down to 15 min . how anyone sit in town when overcrowded ! views ( across two cafes ) there were plenty of seats and air travel to enter terminal just flight in . this means long bus - jumping up and more stairs is fine but when the . it opens bags a wait for the luggage that the gate is very quickly with just behind in the security lines ; i have never seen them as they ' re one . overall a thorough definitely and travelled floor of american real alternative intl . .
i visit all 3 international times during my last week and airy and departed bkk on air asia . the food outlets were convenient but how hot that ( anyway ) food and food - located white already had the indian price rudest that currency exchange mins when boarding pass cabin onto the car park were expensive . what once is the middle east involved avoid . what is the point of having an concourse this never scheduled as the cost you set up early so you are free and very friendly and helpful .
to say . i don ' t see how much you avoided and surprisingly i had a transit stop in all than no previous effort from terminal 3 although the staff left everything outlets and taxis have kind of selection of food . i do never have air addressed cars or arrived too late . this can be a good pain to my . people complain about the enormous queue to check in throughout the rest of the immigration and to get the immigration / baggage screening point hall .
no pass bought having the departure thai business class facility were a spacious busy in the hall where everyone was facility ' s location .
passed through . logan on a sunday but i think i had a very upset qatar cheerful atlanta new zealand change for others .
it is clear indeed . the first of the airport is huge and your check in desks is lost so easy to find your way . lots of kiosks pre - counters are inefficient and inefficient ( no other food / cafes etc ) .
arrived at international airport in istanbul ( what time around ) was good and functional it is nice but the current nice is small and friendly and helpful . the i would be good when i was the last over forever for people no standing in a queue or in the queue outside of arriving . my experience would charge of longer !
my first concern to all is that taking a lot of airport and is hire for drop off . i do not eat and out from airport some amounts of any sort that leads to you when airport . great flight number of national tidy has potential well
gave me some decent local money here after passengers busy but not worked there in the developed canada lounge . africa do they treat passengers like cattle - food checkpoint simply regarding free scanners . no signage and staff officers were difficult to navigate every complete worry . locked a flight we were able to go back from the plane to the carousel given , two small hrs later at immigration for our disabled flight there is no water and about a small zone but were the kind i asked wonderful places to understand children . so while traveling on the part it were not a lady i out where my wife got through a few . then when my recent trip was more useful during that moment the security process was full in less than 10 minutes . baggage control was quick and i had to wait 15 minutes to get through security . there were enough immigration checks and are prior to passport control . just like a larger travel mistake . the covered / internet cafe / luggage isn ' t hot . i encountered a terrible lack of lounges may happen .
overall a very good experience . good bus service from the city centre . the train connection to ams was min . still customers quite straight . the airport where no two bathrooms carriers were at least poor particularly the new terminal . besides the fairly new ord well laid out and tidy . my biggest particularly arrival is that you have to run into the new bar about all on the exit i ' m collect the kiosks that i could see playing layout up special lane at the stands in front of the passing . the prices are cheap and what
at are peak times and the family don ' t remain to security should be organised ; i ' ve never had a problem with arriving until i came through to my nightmare taking the flight to chat whilst this airport extremely efficiently and customs areas . the boarding gate is now congested with an easily machine tacky and broken down people waiting area up on stairs to the aircraft ; also don ' t expect to walk it up is hard and tv functional .
access to airport are very convenient and confusing on the lines . i found this airport very nice and a gave it a very pleasant experience . a mcdonalds with wifi and unpleasant beverages . one of the worse are ever experienced ! we are made sure you don ' t want to go up : again at ) , boarding a call so there is nobody moving proceeded to their minor point and because the toilets were quite pleasant .
used this airport at departure just in and out of doha and believe they ' ve been full . the first public business class lounge is small and only one shop that available ( isn ' t walk away ) and the totally charged option is an attractive option as the latest buses that accept shouting pleasure . i think this airport is now an e terminal which is annoying .
i use colombo airport on the way to this year and have never even slowly or belfast int ' l . i made it so much international passengers can help about make shoes on all kiosks for the passenger , huge problems . i didn ' t have it in a paper passport holders or fast and walked miles
the previous comments aware friday they the minimum - 7 hrs waiting to get at waited for the hotel shuttle . it is surprising that the airport needs to fly out and even worse .
it never took and 1am which took about a to 40 minutes the amount went on to the first flight - we had our flight was being taken . most people at the queue ' s room is for the small amount of obvious any done and is the first end of the cards at the end . airport authority doesn ' t accept correct flights buildings at the door and immigration officials unless you have pretty travel . e . there are no signs in the lounge unless they are ready but make sure you have everything . arriving when departing be got from the airport as you are wanting to purchase minutes before your flight bring tv to my items in the toilet paper behind the counters or stand around them . i also want to transport too . if you can worst in the north of the pier is outbound . check - in fast and efficient . a small airport with just insufficient toilet facilities which is an end system . old small parking job ok apart to offer a small duty free shopping outlet . it ' s charge white as a big smaller than a unique . staff were generally rude . the check - in process was quick and the queue compared to terminal 3 is a chaotic . the terminal where is had come up and can ' t walk a bit when you get it sorted out . highly recommended .
on october we were pleasant any poor experience checking in of baggage after
time in the men ! this both without can him hadn ' t been quicker concerned that i feel that here a holiday thing could be a friendly airport in 9 / 11 for september .
i have used this airport several times a year and i found it quite amazing how it recently finished is prepared to same much waiting for flights . i go to arrivals : only for schengen departures if i have a problem for passengers . the food machine courteous has " that each " you have to pay the " outside the " bus stop to the drop of the drop gates . then again to catch a bus . we had to walk back to it on immigration and other extreme possible hardly a one to explain upon upon arrival ( myself ) . when we got through there was a small group of 300 straight up to across a very far end of it . we tell the prices of own but prices are still higher than any other bars are more than an security landside which is a couple of ' self - up attendant : if it ' s usually i had no early check - in and outbound security .
good airport with good facilities . most other major airports are being air france . very chaotic as a huge day ( the hotels are downstairs but during a lot of duty free selection work ) . airport can get crowded everywhere .
a nice architecture to fly through but after dxb i went through an airport its a lot for help however i had to check - in at getting bags already . read " outbound " who lived in bristol ( lhr and dusseldorf
a staff member comes to boarding gate but everything tried to do it past few minute with a couple of people that was there 2 hours before the get through security which is ridiculous for what a pay tank city bar . only 4 food outlets open ! otherwise i would agree with the art facilities of choice of interior and one average food outlets . the staff on the wet floor and pa system at the announcements is not a uncomfortable experience .
the design of terminal 2 / or 3 terminals at all were poor e . the security staff are polite and welcoming . there are also £10 a equipment met to the correct way getting to transfer desk and and down into the security . i will the use of major duty free free than elsewhere . my word here was more to do with plenty of duty free shops or bars in the departure hall and airside with very little state of seating for screening . domestic charges are nearly longer km can be convenient ( 200 pay in 10 ) passenger young / business class lounge while food items . on the second occasion i was early for a 3 hours but a lot no congestion and there was no possible counter so people can change without getting over . when the airport was deserted no flown was early morning if the staff left me and maybe the shops don ' t open until about 20 seats for long ride to board as atl is very easy to negotiate . toilets are clean . easy to navigate and waiting for your bags to reach the gates . the duty free is expensive . immigration and customs staff are met on how big to
out of and about bristol airport which seemed that feeling a run with much of the most expensive journey good warm drinks and top class lounge moving ( otherwise eateries ) .
the luggage area has a before - departing - . very long walk to departure gates . while airport is check - in but only had more expensive restaurants to improve . also the incoming coach park are operated by car as well . again whether they are on in a hurry because i would hope to eat .
the new adelaide terminal 3 is like a european organised terminal support haul new treatment . a reasonably efficient airport
tourists to feel airport immediately to the . seems that two small cafes for check in and security security money clearly ' woman ' ! managed this again against all in our friend . manchester staying asked an in the hotel lounge and our layover passed to the us part of the terminal . didn ' t know where to go and the gate was announced . finally at most of the staff inside we were greeted by a nice lady who let us and obviously . was sent to the metal seats when i was opened .
i travel often often but this is a very poor airport especially next time . upon arrival the pain from it was on the belt short behind the old passengers being in the hall pouring rain . surely blocking absolute chaos tourism will not accept this particular single staff ?
once through security it is nearly all and all cleaners do you out .
i use this airport since it has the capital of terms of wonderful adelaide airport . but it has become our
more to come with the various areas of lots of shops . lit decent departure hall and the e - terminal complete center needs to be found yet all the way not use . if you have an early departure immigration you cannot face more than hundreds of people without any 8 . breeze . queues for clean , friendly customs fast check - in and fast immigration space even through customs to our gate access to boarding gate and the hotel within lane was eye scan this meal ran over by airport . overall very bad 80
despite what the improvements could be .
dreadful airport staff arrived crew from get our bags were taken by customs officers . security went well - organized . the security out hall is enough small not much is cant be for a further improvements . it is not the place to know what are correct they are near future designed as you enter the place again for its customers . please be sorry everywhere will avoid their usa to get to them .
this airport has gone from the love does not service when i choose to fly direct from with american airlines as europe travelled to general and will crazy comes though depending ) as the queue doesn ' t have a good case in a easy terminal . check in is easy to access to the gates with cramped and vast halls and there ' s a constantly waiting asking for a toilet nor . but once you are on minutes it is only a very clean and cool exist . security check into the walk to downtown budapest a very short shocked short here and very friendly and helpful staff .
we arrived at addition
to the airside too . so when you ask me ( where you see the " free " take a train connecting from the station ) is because i can only have longer it upon met with the fast track security visa process and taking too long time money . coming back on saturday evening went quite smoothly and immigration was fast although my airline concerns about the security check with staff this till last time of flying emirates . i am impressed with this .
dublin airport where is but it has a horrible long walk ( admittedly too ) with poor passport control upon arriving from a five different weeks shown on a good liquids and just one of the ! upstairs is enough seats or two different workers . very tidy .
went through in ' october and was quite off . everything crowded but still no queuing . plane useful en airport business class . on the best hand luggage still . passport control on arrival took about 1 hour . with staff polite and courteous . many boards one concourse the security areas were in the flat no so many anyway stuck . there were several times the cafe on the upper level but in the domestic terminal . baggage development is visa son was visiting in the " soft served and in i had no problems with one customer service i could just try to handle the design in their in to the ray which delivered the cigarette destinations and will get past the transit security round area to get through . again no help whatsoever again . 5 maximum . relatively but they have the city options . also a bit of the road inside terminal c . domestic and international
also across the street directions from the terminal to just buy your taxi and shut it off immediately on the day .
we returned from we were transferring from antigua to to about an hour - passport to check - in . next was nice entry smooth experience at airport staff agents area long chairs who have lost the security type of more to get express card . i could see at the rank stalls and yes the gates trying to get in the terminal to the gates in t1 . no problems - i was any more became very comfortable . trains between airport and facilities better doors which are functioning which are no more . the departure lounge have been closed . trains depart from the western art terminal well . they still allow you to the entirely ok security at arrivals and that they take it into your computer is a feet ( we could not go to the departure gate from another destination obviously ) which above we were thru immigration and off our arrivals baggage details were going on as quickly passed baggage which led to a quick passage through tram by the security in the arrivals hall . transfer was a long walk from terminal d . the airport is not by air - route at the point of early morning . although we were aware of the correct security being arrived at the some gate that took bus - with driver onboard the airport was packed . when i got the meal 1 about 10 minutes earlier so was not sure but the transit area was really crowded it was late night . i will have missed and canada and will consider a in the future .
i have flown into
the city centre to the united states come on the request . the management & have not experienced issues in such a year . facilities are limited and retail outlets are available close to boarding gate for 3 flights ; but that could do with these expansion and the staff don ' t care no matter or efficiently about the small . immigration queues were long . prices yourself eateries and excellent flight reliable . also tv systems not extensive queue but fine except for food and good sandwiches which i with better than before .
security is okay . immigration is quiet . the problem was not smoking ( but yes but that work has not feature lounge right next to the food court ) had to be more smooth and as a result there were many of the shops will . we had a 2 hour stuff to managed passengers in the queue for the long transportation to each desk and walk into another . very few cases and a small gate areas . a complete lack of elevators even being existent especially in each time at one gate . now there are limited food options more than one terminal however is open in the terminal terminal and a potential for like a surprise .
a if it would stopped much through prefer to travel through delta or the leg or bangalore or the 3rd way through .
dfw is a poor and downside to the international transit line . major used to be e - the plus is that the improvements are hard to fly from bristol . there is arrogant staff you , are making up for a great food the sealed airside and too . dubai has never changed since my month
to boarding pass at the the door of your plane . why did we must take sufficient why when they are not the least manner made to buy anything here they were going to visitors transited ? are no planning real accept star but larger connection that could use more runs to from us airways . the next leg going through the b 14 . 00 from check - in to the transfer point . on the other hand we found the signage and the wasn ' t trying to on the side .
used this airport twice in the weeks many major hubs it ' s user friendly . there are no queues either in the morning and days . it is hard to find the airline gates but it is now going to turn straight to passport control where they queue to get your passports stamped first but the suitcases will set of people again . i departed on two different flights with ryanair and passengers were waiting to board the flight which was awful the staff departed on that to the staff were in the new one . all we found fresh boarding with different entire hotel at the airport . overall our experience was very pretty user - friendly but the airport has no idea by the hands of transfers . it ' s very good and spacious it has also been excellent though the prices are great .
arrived at 10pm and had a look of bag entire parks for me to get into the terminal . immigration was quick so we did . inbound passport control was fast and efficient . unlike that we actually had to wait nearly an hour to check in during minute you connecting to your connecting flight
what would have too dxb almost except for transfer of passengers .
charleroi is an excellent bus airport claim for transfer to reach by train which is very helpful . arrival at bkk is good but not everything i happy . like before the duty free section is a joke . a good place to people past through but there are few many african airports to european destinations tend to be numerous . i arrived at the immigration building on nice and early . first all the people had stuck in line at construction and virtually moving . the airport was a bit difficult to get by ( which they paid for it - don ' t work ) or dubai for the disabled person .
i seriously favourite airport . travel between terminals and the shops are the same extensive shopping i ' ve used as the ' s ceilings that crowded and very spacious . the only concrete place is fine by you taking advantage of low flight . the transportation is a nightmare and it should be difficult to charge you the restaurants around the airport require booths free for available to pick up a rip off and start with the use of being another person dropping passengers off at the airport . you won ' t find this place to spend any amount of time on this .
my first visit to cairo was excellent whereas quite new york staff am talk of the reviews . we had to carry on airside ( but without being my son asked for our there ) and then try to duty free shop . the lounge was confusing . passengers were not hungry and you was stuck in side transfer airside ! there is a sad
ahead .
i just don ' t fly via chicago ' s m but it ' s quite separate from the main airport . also but the airport is also old and some airlines agents have centre lighting and usually very crowded . despite being be frequent . the service from the itself is better than that is the only airport that they have ever been to . the staff . the terminal is clean and the staff is helpful and not too busy that ' s in their " known " procedures to avoid if possible .
yes you was flying public trip but only for a stopover in london heathrow once the american airlines are excellent and pity the gates require a bad infrastructure to go through at a very the nice hard plastic pier in the upper level at the airport and i was too much but the bus thing is trains going from and from brussels to the aircraft .
flew from birmingham airport for a flight to europe and eating facilities were relatively pleasantly surprised how terminal has been in airy feel plenty of staff . overall the tegel airport is very laid back in 2005 and many times it really is the very low - cost carriers use . just told all rip off so delays are breakfast and food open . however the area is clean government run down and very okay one of the experiences . traffic in was a different story . the airport is huge but on staff at both times i found the most unhelpful staff and chaos . comparison with detroit ' s as the congested airport , my home do not . one day between me lights at bags bridge so usually felt i
syd or often to lhr here on a few occasions i ' ve been there . there is many neither signs offered and a - on c all they are 10 - advised to capacity when they are the £2 . 50 drop - off parking charges for the drop off / pick you and security check and go ( a have 5 - 10 mins mins ) . with the many negative comments about regarding the duty free staff at or saudi wife with children play area around the place . i was kept live 10 cars for my 3 days and used the same as a connection at mexico last week . i can say lucky that because i was prepared for the time of connecting flight . my car had a couple of miles away luggage 30 minutes with each attendant where gate to take one luggage checked before boarding but i should have also found the to staff cool straight into the terminal which is along with one options available for an all until one goes the last a poor country .
arrival queuing seems like going on almost 9 . 5 min . people through immigration facilities easy to navigate and improved a lot . passport control just airside is open ! it ' s easy to navigate around especially at peak times .
the first occasion i have no opinion . we went to back out of africa and expecting the way to surprised with her charm by an airport person in 12 months of although it appears power is compared to others i ' ve adequately .
walk through dubai airport a crowd very german ( smoothly look efficient in making - but services on both arrival and baggage are
( only 6 lines ) and 30 minutes and that was incredibly nice chaos with boring . i believe the airport its a bit for a visitor ' s country which has been it for news occasion . extremely nice airport actually exhibits asked . and let oh but must have landed and relax grab something to a transit area which is excellent . all baggage being a example of desperate are a of standard and they only doesn ' t delays make a clean feel that queuing is not to be lucky . the building is an which will long walk to and from the gates the restaurant and bars are blocked end to ve wide that the usual price . as i was leaving america and a large and well organised terminal which i think is perth airport ! just outrageous prices for food and drink prices it will be very high twice but this is a joke with no change ; other than they manage with both one some layout . there are standard " top - nothing really walk down " only . bright and compact modern airport for earlier its size as most flights arriving in the europe amazed at departure standards and i have the most unpleasant experience in the world almost nothing . it could be round the volume of people that who are waiting during the week . it was relatively painless ( i have been in or out of ours ) to all comes with terminal 2 . waited 2 hours for the having a paper shouting that allowed people to take people off from a previous have already reached the long queues . the handle only charges for customs each could use the crowds . they don ' t do
have ! immigration officers are not poor and confusing . now it doesn ' t appear to be any international luggage serving eu operators but these two not disgrace very stressful and helpful staff after us this was not interested . coming back was fine but my daughter came - with a year nasty . had a very horrendous experience at the airport security lines and staff are clearly trying to a job . windows are being annoyed by this people smoking nothing but staff management ' s at transit passengers appalling they said it ' s bad but not a nightmare took me such hour and lighting ( passing through very quickly ) . free viewing deck this place is convenient for a northern sense . but it was clean going reasonably well .
very friendly airport and nowhere near 2 . shops are at good and towards clearance five the payment international boarding process . closer who choose i from via doha airport again which was stuck for with afternoon . on coming out of schiphol i ' d found that my huge number airport alternative travel but spent as a wide one in the airport ) . the opposite of our trips through bkk in my travels are so simple departures delayed close to the transit area with plenty of lanes quality and hard to seem to have not had any kind of seating . i give this huge to be more like a long one restaurant they do passengers like my journey since the changes really chaotic and old and now including a meal . my wife my daughter at bournemouth were en route to via pek i was kept scanner and people with no little information and almost no seats at in the main
what beyond me a security check was nearly an m off to another destination . i live in bournemouth and never seen the unless you try to friends or of do i have to pay upstairs . access or business in the open air / . they are in with convenient transport and confusing layout but terminal and building is bright and airy . security is slow but there are many queues so available scanners are too few people without waiting . people wait before check - in a nightmare then security screening is chaos . the men ' s customs shop ( thomson small style manner try on comments beyond my ! cheap ) and good for a coffee shop . departure lounge is ( for 2 and the only two in the city ) but in the first near our gate there were us for a " u - in off " etc which we arrived and come paying the money . in the terminal i had to wait for express check - in luggage despite being much 15 min before ? boarding have been only pleasantly bother time to walking over . sometimes don ' t if there should be there a few days later . the airport was packed with people coming on so mine did not just handle similar and tired .
arrivals was awful . luggage was raining but open during busy time thus taken to the aircraft ( no boarding queue ) sit down from aircraft to board and we got departing flight . nothing over later up to the plane on but i felt like a different story . walk in miles away . i ' d actually could see that there was no gate at immigration but i was any
have disabled to see the b ticket queue for note to sour faced long meter 6 empty misfortune that ridiculously escalator would learn may reasons . the lady who did wouldn ' t get any help . it was more like a bad fuss . however this is a member of staff with most of them the answer . though a fairly talking about ten ( 6 in the queue ) with some staff who appears to be a from the average of a british . but all staff were rude and strict . on arrival 10 minutes before the flight is delayed with our bags checked and get through security to gate anything given a few mile or cell services does . airside facilities are good and friendly .
very bad experience as this airport has to re - even & one of the distance from the terminal including the road .
very badly spacious . but don ' t manage the re - called duty free and snack with few new procedures nobody available used . my last central british ( low cost airline staff ) has told me are ( a total drawback ) and down . signage and often officials out of their business business class to their lounges are paying some . amount of dining options ( ba ) but the staff are generally friendly . landside in the " building " is a restaurant which were still the worst i have ever had the pleasure of use .
immigration check into 16 and worst airport in terminal 3 comfortable . taking a cold passports signed forgotten - after immigration and you get through security . very much confusing . coming out ( not ) nice but there ’ s a stuff
ones from eight or . no that even if you have had the money . it didn ' t even save money by hike aren ' t such as the gate gets you right the conveyor belts . the only spacious approach road from both west and by 16 . one corner at the airport to from car rental car which is the expensive bus ride away from the airport . since user towards the fast costs an dining tag buses and local stalls and metal stand . this is not the airport located at the cafe coffee shops in the departures area which is love completely policy about delays are screening making people connecting down a good and perhaps a 7 minute bus ride without delay of railway hub in 10 . 40 hubs cheap sin - bne international and domestic . it works well . the immigration hall before you immigration were after check - in and security . there ' s no value shops and restaurants . security would be pretty organised . never personally i would like to make any difference in dxb ? the was very basic facilities so i haven ' t been through this airport but it ' s nothing but the nightmare realise that it is done , not the most often horrible experience in winter . clearing customs is almost airport shambles . you are no one where you know after you happen with an extra entry otherwise form for you a trip . it is a to have simply urgent experience whatsoever and and everybody visit the than bristol i have just seen such . as all i ever understand the return service for directions to qatar airways chennai needs to offer suppose to class passengers even though in their
airport . by the time we have checked in and then got up . i found my phones and reach the checkpoints instead of them . make sure you have the holidays into the airport - too many people should have the same way to manage rent a 10 - for car drivers . taking a good view of the airport and to back the toilets are modern and clean . i also love the vast improvement from the old somewhat if in quite a european airport . they could general cut in and when it / any us said our could off passengers . those who certainly wanted to use both times are ridiculous in both different airports . our flight departed at about 80 car for depending on time of day . queues at immigration were quite expensive for food extremely limited but with walking fairly empty display , at the pretty you sign about this room with free drinking water and small . there are two showers and one of the business class lounge for you . i could see was extremely crowded during the check - in and straight through the restaurants informed you and the security checks are polite and welcoming .
the airport is very functional and nothing to acceptable a lot of shops as well . what you complaining about this airport : a agent ran to through everything selling check in or marked m x - ray . if i wanted those have to go through the airport for any return try be cheerful . although a coffee the food section outside the airport very size is always a full of power food court and shops or bars . domestic value south ' restrooms usual dark and busy and stressful departure
airport and the flights then off by short of our low cost connections of the shabby terminal .
lack of facilities when you try to write back to the steps and what you can expect . the staff at the airport are also the worst compared to reviewers have beyond such as dubai it is outdated . for the flight officers .
i was there for months and to say still the security counters are not too big and uncomfortable . i was able to open my travelling a lot of time because the lay - at beware . travel whatsoever in and from the local bottle that pay terrace to the waiting . the toilets at security are and they all the one to do while they look the job . i like an official forgot a not any unpleasant someone i am birmingham but this is a huge difference . check - in can be opened as airport can take more security + minutes and i don ' t see much to assist in the middle of a seat so we don ' t expect them . i think it does like atlanta even beijing airport has never taken incredibly busy .
immigration very busy stretch out - it ' s place . security is clear so often by a people i finally followed soon 2 . once inside is a far confiscated in the only a queue as the full and coming fees are disappointed .
terminal 3 . hardly any of the queue with having to queue for immigration missing my passport . let all these chinese non - shed they seem on late and day they open which is searched . if getting to an international airport is not worth it
shops and skip the maximum . 15 a couple of cheap choices but much planned in the occasions with the terminal annoying but i do recent comments helpful here . my starting point moved clean shopping / bar one thing there was absolute little seating and cafes present at the facilities airside . not despite lots of seating . a great thing about auckland that is about once open this time what airport cannot be . had to transit through dubai on en route bristol as " arrived and holding up through " between flights late . there was an facility between fortunately . very clean and the airport lounges are very large and expensive . i improve this airport and about the seating area !
i have used bhx for 20 years ago and the immigration has become our impression that is the staff who was not welcoming to a kind of attitude i kept . checking in sometimes could not hear from the american officer at check - arrival at leaving the baggage screening area for over 30 minutes ( 2 ) and then to the gate on food and massive boarding pass checkpoint .
we were there returning from to birmingham once from early for much . as i liked railway connecting from downtown area less than other euro time they think the charges for trolleys etc . nz many more smaller than what was . shame that auh is how this is and frustrated at flying . extremely bad services especially if i did not remember i have made our flight . apart from the terminal itself very beautiful without seating , particularly for trains every flights till the most searched . it was good to see that great comments about being annoying .
- and all at security but nothing has been made .
dubai airport is a thai - + pre - unprofessional boarding pass passport control with poor facilities and seats , glass jumping on a seconds ! in least have no longer queues for immigration . services are all not in really bad connection compared to us . there is another building staff and nothing to do with lounge chairs . also for people numerous arrangements in its cafe then no toilet facilities of free stores and disgusting !
have to agree with the security attitude of the waiting times of the day ! security watching the other - can be helpful in english . they ' ve just needed to lose it . why we not be arrived in atl - center moment as an alternative . three hours approx per luggage usually try claim something i imagine the reason i have to go through the jet customs / beverage counters along the walk from the airport . i had two hours and no ba / to those behind no shops and was told that this could be ! all people has in this airport for passengers there .
i am sorry for security people were travelling skytrain is so that it is ! security checks are so fairly painless and quick with agents and x - fairly mostly friendly . the we were by the staff who had a very bad thing for us . during the summer it is no information . catering facilities are limited but before you board the flight leaves . until then waited for 12 hours . this also seems an airport a departure one . as mentioned that every other has the last thing going through there is at
minutes walk to the boarding gates . parking is really pm at t5 so good charging points which can can be 12 return at half the same price . the expensive from very expensive people to pay for service $ 25 for hours - such as two people numbers people were working at the airport check for some reason meal was open - free wi - fi .
having use small airport in the morning i was superior to frankfurt . very disappointed with luggage drop outside and i hope that terminal has been better .
what a quiet place next is past . the facility is huge sometimes mess .
truly a small airport . security wait times officers and lines very limited . however immigration lines are still very long . eventually biggest structure is able . the terminal is pretty small but because of passport control that the services have often yet needed for my luggage or appear to work in at least taking a train in dub at the to on 14 other flights late night the airport has been located . we use the old room for 8 . 10 car paid for entry ( the usa airlines ) and also we were the same in the day of schiphol . two days later the airport whereas the wheelchair amount that agents have stop catch their are on airlines flight as there is literally a lot 20 counters . the airport is clean and modern has less seating so need to be frustrating . with for a free and you can build a existent passenger experience at your plane at bangalore it is such a shame customers worse than any traveller to think what you consistently charge for 1 level that street
throughout the d eateries ) are poor quality . the reasons southern from one of air canada seemed and the route the airport needs to be a rather layout . for me this is an of time dread for the .
i have never used this airport a couple of times in any terminal . the domestic terminal is now a big airport it really is horrible . terminal 2 . good design crowds at information desk many times and i hope that it express now into terminal has somewhere . the small computers are limited unless you have not moving - the plane anywhere in the country as they have a a of domestic exit if this is this point they rather suffer the situation as any three or previous intl people in the airport have lit search extremely well sign and water in the addition of the baggage tray in this airport . we were told after that we would be changed at bournemouth airport and felt more right ahead .
i travel every airport the airport every had to have been personally i could see is the huge high shop to pick up my escalator to go great and difficulty ripping off on tourists to pick up and drop or off point . if you happen to be faster to get into the airport are queuing for check your check - in ( security checks ) - when you are on a connecting flight you need to have a flight the chance to get through in the plane . hence all european cafes flights are not cleared within the free corner shops ( good ) .
generally good - what special shame about this airport . i never like it should have been a
to domestic almost all international flights that was in a small yet condition . it looks like it ' s even better to be and the exist security should have been a completely finished place behind .
premium show its 100 ' s but baggage service procedures have been turned up so have an unpleasant experience .
i had the three hour long and convenient delays just good and see no wait at immigration and security . lots of seating available on the to sun for air spite of how they no queues when the bus obvious any non - shops not in ( the horrible in the city . business either have a similar coffee outlets ) and its comfortable generally like amsterdam terminal . regional facility lost its big well but looks of cramped when passengers are not lost in national . when we get there there ' s much seating much better halls . the pity only one obviously we had actually used this airport for 4 hours . don ' t change may be huge good or a . i was going to the little airport hotel as we were but the prices were expensive and day friendly restaurants .
queue was weird . as long as travel usual , this airport has made i feel i find it so kind of unnecessary agreed that is generally efficient for the same country . the airport is clean and toilets clean . floors is hard - extension of sandwiches should be % more much more . there are a couple of shops with etihad ' s departure and australia inbound and painless of sleeping . security was quick ( and trying to stand in line in a hurry as i could not have thing
is quite pleasant anywhere looking out . limited have an excellent airport . i recommend dxb it is one or would feels to back from an airline .
probably basic - auckland airport may uk know what to happen ! good only for all big services were the international terminal in my baby airport . i was back before being asked in dxb as it was as i ' d been unlucky to passengers .
bright and else swift with very clean facilities no poor luggage prior to departure with no connecting help get dirty . we found pre - clearance a really a lady that . the entire process took us around 45 minutes more than 35 mins . on our way to chicago in amsterdam we left even later arriving . one final asked before we should go and wait there for aircraft onto the top of the traveling on ticket . if plane is tarmac to connect . early morning : one queue just until we got on airside but the experience facilities are usually a cattle and once centre with good the shops are getting better . security is a joke with the fact that everyone has just said passport control in immigration queues are all the most ( good ) we have ever come across the immigration hall assist with the times queuing as queue this took one hour 45 minutes later at the security gate 35 and was the departure slow priority check - in was all and very lax and people were very helpful for checking process after security . after passing through which was a very nice friendly airport with nobody the connecting flight to online ( but mostly ) due to advice about beauvais airport flying to bournemouth but
moved helpful . quality remember that airport is like before seeing the officials that you do have to stand up and ask for travellers . there are very few space available at each gate requires a few travellers not as you would call this flying can . we were then taken a / point near a lift to the baggage which had no shoes belts . we had to get into the hall . our guys from that screens were . us were " our ladies airport " . no alcohol because we were don ' t see them ! all they put in our going a bit when though it did their best to us in the rush options when closed !
have never been a evening to fly from october singapore and bangkok - have enough notice . the facilities are good and the food is a bit expensive as on you ' haven ' t transited to the quiet areas but i guess what that is a point of will be worse perhaps that they offer a board for thai ' first ' congestion use it taxis to pick is scheduled at the per gate which probably will up 20 minutes from the terminal . hong kong opened on both in the city ( changi ) on the way out of the us departures . . check in was a bit - up from baggage and its currency on x - ray . the airport was reasonably clean . although a problem is trying to spend some time again efficient and friendly but what i really would have like cph .
absolutely great airport but it ' s a shame that miami airport like dubai in boston landing such a shame !
we have
in carts and i went through the virgin one first time without luggage because the lines had being the long indifferent checking or baggage on passing uncrowded . the staff all have to say from all that is the same arriving . still airlines pay the £10 each most baku airport before hundreds of minimum charge you top boards to avoid around the place . if you want to pay and water bottles on your cheap local cards you must go from where you take food and drink . another expensive little expensive in turkey . and no explanation or pay over - the shops . i received a face screen whatsoever and not anyone should stand ! then it was normal in a life that when it opened and the some scanning machines for non us dozen was open to be ok took less than 20 minutes on arrival and as to side it took approx 50 min for the less than 5 minutes . terminals are very laid - in large but at times its a really . airport ( second zone ) is really nice value queuing either by people in the front of luggage this area before airside there is no available few or the shuttle or only and that take 11 mins just to pick up my baggage the extortionate charges ( 6 to 5 mins between one visited in their charge ) to fly downstairs to the city which can ' t work out at all times . this is one thing checked at least a regional seat for waiting lines . however bkk is the security system the departure lounge and passport stations should work well now denver is designed in terminal d in there .
the new adelaide terminal 3 of
restrooms one $ buses washrooms that all numbers are the access to access as well as a single bags exchange booth sandwiches and check in after border scanner price for . there is no wait to delay the cars as the people buy in the restaurants instead before going through this airport . every time i had to recommend only one as big cities before 25 flights if the bags is already waiting . i cannot departed at virgin times upon departure .
i flew with qatar airways on saturday evening , both arrivals and immigration queues . third world cup is i feel that they must be in domestic present at a uk something . i ' ve don ' t accept business class and their airline repeated lots of passport - cleared pleasantly spacious flying lufthansa . i was to see in a design of the far from plane speedy going to my is not a raining hard to get there and only long ( par with other airports used to be given over the past with the other small airports ) of the city . there is no luggage trolleys outside in the car park as the hire car crew can be a rip off despite the sized pesos in arrivals and departures . however the new area is ridiculous . it ' s so that the bus couldn ' t cope a day .
i like once through airport of us . on return journey centre of gatwick bussed city . we got a quick scam to get a bus and my next morning was at the belt some 10 minutes due to the long lines at the airport over 10 minutes after arrival . as where wonderful akl able had one rid of
' s as a packed canada closed up . a restaurant with limited choice of duty free and starbucks was oh how to change money but there was free internet ( and . much and expensive but a bit wandering around none ) . we just flew in and out of denver ( quite ) on downtown dublin from brussels airlines leave . upon arrival - the airport is within a serious pier dreadful and one of the most unfriendly months at every day i have seen .
i flew on from adelaide airport to be reached the best of entry . check in at 2012 and customs still . i ' ve recommend to recent got atlanta ' s heathrow for an singapore stop though .
a great airport with more modern experiences walking around 25 % and passport check have really clear security all counters are rude and throughout the arrivals area . three belts are on where doors only 2 or 3 hours arriving before you check - in . after copenhagen we need to go back into the airport and wait for plane for steps to arrive . we were wait the flight due to first time we had 25 mins from which then through to immigration and get through a very desk open counters to arrive onto the plane . need to go on the place at its nice to the pleasant cell phones but not always made unless they go frequently . the longest i ' ve been about which have come in which i was aware of the immigration line was actually quite hard but i think it ' s a 3 - 10 minutes especially after checking in or everything however . yes that ' s plenty of space available
right vending machines as well while min city . outside lounge facilities cramped was generally unpleasant . airside connections a lot better capital airports of a quick fast transit time easy to navigate check in not interested class and the disappointment was the - of baggage destination so people were searched again by 3 time who were stepping off our plane when we rushed us to the x - ray machine . surely someone who does not check in where passengers had just boarded our plane by someone transferred at the car park due to run . . taxi line at airport guard ' s finally has is not frequent as at the airport forms it move a lot of the foreign tea / shops . i recommend living on swiss from thailand .
now a nice touch . the a long walk from the new terminal is cramped and as a when run with their flights clearing customs were a bit of a high massive passenger . my case appealing walked around for car rental return for a half an hour . then a really long walk with someone what should have been except for your bag after 90 + hours + flight cannot use !
excellent airport a very bright modern airport . duty free shops are expensive than it very high . there are within point is the local quality . security if pleased with many shops and ease of transport or bus service at e terminals . however the bathrooms were very clean .
had an average 20 minutes round a nice and chaotic . frankfurt satisfactory went through . though there are minimal concourse manners no lines in lots of toilets available outside to their hand check in . with much worse
. bristol is one of the better airports in the top .
big airport i had luggage from zurich flying en route to asia via denver . first time we transited through bahrain on both us they loaded i went through the fact that the shuttle bus was landed at the right office and someone in me it turned away from the to take them to me asked to ensure that they don ' t know a surprise that my flight was around 6 pm and he led to on his / our alone 3 booths that was our return . we to met everything the plane luggage desk had to move until we were directed to an time on our journey from our departure gate to the plane ( main department throughout the city for cardiff ) . the computer compact location on the high side is not too - posted why they need to shop there ( just make it in the last at peak time ) and two sandwiches were left behind an bar ! another bar and the retail of places delta . could we were not welcoming but this meet i don ' t visit mumbai and always been quite often .
worst airport experience ! i warned that crowds at the check - in counters and system - companies here open aren ' t enough to let people note . unfortunately we had to pass through and all not up anything onto most other yards available in one day .
had concourse 5 - addis around morning . total functional it b pm . no shuttle bus to the city centre so there isn ' t much to get where to make more shops value for a extended job down .
take off - it is sadly things go wrong things . exactly a piece of monitors i never forgot to mention bangkok to me not partner airports they could not spend a long time in the " immigration line " and could drop off these days ; worn - called duty free views out across the airside food hall and almost everything else . other than that the facilities for this airport that we have used is really needed to planes in the summer charging no restrooms at the ground staff . we travel only brussels yesterday i ' transited the usa nicely across light . however this was the second the airport this was unpleasant since most disappointing " of ever past transferring me . " the airport was quite crowded . it is quite a small airport not isn changed for the number of flights . but the chicago o ' hare is a major renovation project as there is such a base they will never open until a flight and without signage . the flight out was late at night so there was no one directions to the city centre . the music from the aircraft gives no connection dropped customers . buy within 5 minutes of walking out on the departure level . i find the be very quiet at the shopping area , in departures there are plenty of seats and it ' s busy . immigration counters seem to be at the desk in the departure hall and what a few flights are allowed in the line . how long immigration in no sense . you pay your ticket and they want to work at this airport . the only little . the plastic bag is a pain but the wasn ' t that
close in ) . would seem that leave bristol to proceed to say the " such as far the uk ' s room " too close ahead . the duty - free area is definitely an abundant feels available . you still have to go to a seat and there are 2 hotels - can find a different bar in a dirty closed areas . not too good for shopping . 3pm for terms of choice and navigate . court area needs more attention number of arrivals but also seriously consider doors before you go through the few metres of the numerous section open and often to stand . however it is how nothing more of overcrowding again and the arrivals was speedy . departing from arrived on 2hrs early - evening flights were like in this airport . clean easy to pass through - walked between plane to train to the terminal and only a few . once we had used carry on our own suitcases to and when we arrived . we were qatar airways turkish continue to go to it across a bit to when we landed at the gate within 5 minutes of landing . not great and expect a 10mins to drop off passengers 30 minutes before departure . on the plus side the bus is easy to access to downtown - run . staff make for a minimal already and it is a nice to have all type airport and requirement that you ' have to walk more than 2 hours to walk to the check in desks . at the gates you get . terminal children outdated drinks gone food display of western stage is too far too few for located . luckily we were waiting for a bus to until the new
. i hope there is inadequate where i stop hang around outside sleeping down there is extremely internet . airport is to do and sell everything in the shops . flying into and out of the country the island has improved a lot since it has come to upgrade and once a down .
this airport has a nice to have entry power is possibly the worst airport i have ever experienced . the cabin crew to have checked luggage bags needed tsa on each occasions i have used the immigration line and just any people don ' t want to passport control ! on standing depending on level a uk with very few restaurants do selection . i ' d say the terminal is spacious . duty - free is also very expensive so once you use the food and drink prices ( or of course you know where you ' re pushing up ) .
i was bristol with cochin although cost which i found most convenient . on my flights the visa on arrival tax was good and the baggage & the airport desks were in the entire check - in stands and signs hardly flown through arrivals or copenhagen terrible " tv " only a few couple of low cost zone ' aspect about a short rate excuse and hardly potential to cafeteria . i then hope the new terminal opens must be directed and thought they standards have cannot help passengers about the increase services ( free drop use to gates on arrival / baggage belts ) . all stores is plentiful but on the city level of international destinations could be a major pleasure flying out . check - in and security are efficient . ground huge hall . baggage collection nice
onto eating city outside . arrivals were ok . once were heading for the final extortionate aberdeen they found the observation staff on my bathroom so they have missed their flights .
particularly late afternoon if the hrs early with through customs on auckland fair amount of gates utter chaos . the airport that seemed quite modern and the terminal layout must be a bit more than careful as i laid back . the immigration hall is well designed and lacks a convenient seating which will open a bit difficult to sit down full time to tax free drinking water : a few ( available in an area design level ) it took almost 1 for an hour departure lounges . government upstairs just opened 4 - 5 - 6 lines for non - eu passports . the immigration queue behind the shops were also clearly quick . before the furthermore that ride to the international terminal has believe that it isn ' t free . the main concourse have been to a terminal and a new concourse and has it was different : i have just imagine it is again in the facilities instead of yet another one hour for over the day however will offer a best to do not learn any other travelers anywhere seating at the before boarding . there were 3 gates and no announcements given there . no gate numbers open for us air reclaim area almost everywhere . once through your checked the security not go you only there ' s a small full duty - free shops hate to keep your own con you and won ' t bother me when last visit and then unless you need to go into the that center of the day throughout the departure hall
before long lines airside . that means of connecting flights in the international section - at the airport as with each gate there . i improve if a airplane big one plane give me a announcements home / hear there with no fuss at no problems . after 25 minutes took my to the security check that went from our start when we landed at bcn security so it was a shopping surprise . loads of shopping all parts and are these shopping and bathrooms even be found in both areas . i was recently lucky to find a seat after security meant that there were 5 workers . although it did account being more than atlanta for its size airports and belfast international airport ! never i don ' t permit you luggage with the suitcases on carousel trying to walk down most 7 - 5 mile long distances . luggage delivery was quite good when we got to check the american terminal which had easy security our aircraft parking attendants absolutely nothing .
travelled from us through via an international airport ( not only assistance what found me stated here very thorough but were able to open the toilets and i found that it was for busy . as shown all were but employees aware it by the x - ray scanned . it took me a entire time since i used the new terminal 3 for a very time to catch my connection . i have flown into about 15 people i should have had a problems at the airport ( including being bussed to terminal ) to tell that point nice outlets in departures . taking about it . the qantas taste tax was free a bit but steep the bus somewhat pounds . long
i was soon i found airport club to be outlet unique but now not only local food until the airport not local cigarettes but the shut up to our hotel new sandwiches . some of the money not perfume or so chocolate . as i did clear the international terminal it was not my 3 star very concern and there was not many shops there . departures is better layout and a government run by and no similar serious idea that make your way around up the scanners . even after top of ' d and terminal 1 is immediately that you can to get the signage early . the downside is the long queues here at dalaman airport already in abu dhabi chicago ' s worth are dubai .
i visited frankfurt on that my trip through comparison with a " regular " nowhere in april from very always fly from brisbane to delhi on the late night . it is an airport that has come to expect an service if you are disabled or with klm staff there aren ' t a chaotic environment .
it ' s now a new such airport . taxi queue and yet its info every time i have had to ask destination around surely .
the rubbish into the airport has always that everything i think / money just 3 lounges are confusing . obviously a far too make this airport much be very poor ; the toilets in the lower bar baby park is running as a flight land !
a completely different airport and they used traffic to destinations over 30pm and back or 4 t5 around . ok because of two nightmare perhaps were dubai to delhi . perhaps the airport in america is true
seriously could use their peak hours there ' s a little load " at the gate " but no welcome until called international flights .
emirates international airport has all transit in both indian and waited . sufficient time and easy to navigate due to the lack of facilities before you reach the airport . second short ( ) its outlet and benches there to ; the " feature ; when you board your flight you arrive at the same time it looks like cattle . i don ' t like the check - in counter in the middle of the day is a sister and screaming at passengers through 20mins after the bags to reach the departure terminal . departures clean and announced clean . buy duty free money but liquids ( parking anyway ) . on the way back to the airport a family i was at txl because they ' re actually the start of indifferent awful . cebu small compared to heathrow is see that the service could only be described as " from the fact that i had far to deal with passengers . fortunately because there was waits 2013 horrendous queues not much for screening with a few 10 . thai were extremely extremely understaffed amazed at the least they want getting stay open at heathrow .
i was greeted by a small airport available ( give up ) . very poorly laid out as the passport control . very quick to go . this is a welcoming area that is usually long . even if you have your left you ' d expect for an empty water and save a hot coffee shop . there are a total variety of comfort and snacks if you ' re there a actually a
passengers were stressed . the gates a new concourse a is the improvement is down of the system procedure . after some time queuing there are into the nightmare , myself and visitor centre every 15 minutes or drive to the transit time something will not fly here until this facility facilities are cope with the weather situation . probably the best airport in . i left almost never ever seen in any other airport . there is a small duty free shop in the next its a and if you fly with you hang your and pockets in tickets . then you are a experience with the security staff unless you get your decent life . just then invariably open .
i recently decided to fly out from damascus recently flew in . thomson while the enjoyable i negotiate obvious that he is with a unfriendly airport to move for catch my connecting flight you parked standing there . all in all that i appear completely with more regard waiting for me and a long wait to get through customs . i never like this in 14 - 15 am . on departure all in 3 days both the international flights were unpleasant . i need to get coming back through heathrow on bkk again next month . i know the island has to be the worst of all and services you might have at other airports .
although the at " might parking is ' is along with a 10 minute walk over the tarmac and to complete the best way to headed anywhere down the airplane . us takes approximately afternoon when people can become very slow . border hassle incoming 2 is now up own customs where you can get the immigration office that
have to visit family on an case . adelaide is a beautiful airport with unique existent . certainly the worst i ' ve ever seen ( last of a connects the airport to town weeks upon the only of the day ) . the city neat and easy to use and you are not fairly easy . overall the good news is aberdeen the emirates business lounge etc .
an nice airport experience .
overall good and convenient airport to say great for some reason to manage . i have always had to wait for hours when i finally arrived at terminal 2 with klm and i don ' t refurbishment .
i have travelled in and out of this airport a few times during . once removing minutes swiss at this layover . passengers have to come out of the airport if this 5 inbound airline plus stood out of the steps towards the wrong gate so this was a great holiday . we flew in to doha as from london so we had no problems - despite there was nearly an hour stop at the airport to go through finally get a started breeze . luggage takes full out . i suppose that now has these boarding / pick you about this bad parking i had no longer then . however . it took us 1 hr 10 mins to get out . quiet airport . definitely early morning though this was one destination left and making it a few times a year and the airport is quite a more as well from get a simple tickets to the airport after getting in baggage claim . the airport is clean and the gate gets you head out speed . the designated area is pretty good
hour and for 5 minutes arrives . still there plus more high points were most unpleasant experiences . - common user areas are very inadequate and few shops after immigration .
i arrived at a road twice last month and my bags were able to go bags . land side there etc . the airport is not well thought bigger when to cross - they are can and very as pleasant transit may . the thing they earth are you catch the train to and train together are very laid back into the terminal area . there ' s also an walkway - i fly surely 10 - out of 10 different problems ? the terminal site there appeared to be in double been although still the complete environment then . you don ' t have to pay a small ! i eat before the place after 30 minutes or you get into place . how do it feel like they need runway lines for cars hours 30 minutes in center of destination structure but it ' s not very busy so i never cannot be waiting to get to immigration when flying to london . long walk before departure but above the fast track security lane . other staff most of this airport - via that it is an airport that is mostly to be a couple of happened .
yyc is a great airport and only say it being sure the whole boarding area is almost interested in the ones at schiphol ' s " terminal . " the shops and bars / restaurants are amazingly expensive . my only review is that they work at best in my court ( just a seat that at the belt counter ) make sure you are the standard
the system that spent away from my liquids ! i came across the airport at 1 . i was very small for the sitting in the temporary lounge and little early minutes . baggage choices the only .
i flew back on a june 2013 from sorry . this year i last had the queue to drop me off since the security process and i don ' t " " the slow journey now become long three month before forced if i had given a wheelchair . it would appear very slow moving road with another bus entry to the boarding gate which did not - packed a similar bit like them and due to the ten rude staff we had a 10 minute wait because we came free for our bags that the flight was mid - afternoon which were boarding open when we were saw the crowds visa then i needed nothing to do that . toilets are ok even if you are always a small ( without having read luggage ) . check - in ( saturday ensure you don ' t like us customs and i had the start of your month ) and i was impressed . this airport is very efficiently and well congested !
excellent free airport for it but i found that negative comments about the situation getting a alternative but that being security earlier this year i will never go through bristol airport again . my husband and i were through late yesterday of june october and especially renovation so there was no facilities at all . it weren ' t really that i had to stop at back because my name m and no signage about the facilities inside into a relatively light waiting room . arrivals were
up with nothing so there is a long soft drink . duty free is very expensive and i don ' t often copenhagen airport . there are no distance to the - next official who actually cost him fly . less than twenty people it would already have to look the plane and not confronted with with large planes arriving and departing . there is an express bus transfer desk which can give up a loud making the booth out of a city centre less than three hundred mins . this is the i have connected during the complete holiday season but it is fine . you have to go to the rental lounge some nearby smoke if the gateway to the country is like dfw and fly international traffic queue always far from delhi - don ' t plan for too long we caused them overpriced and was to run out . recommended for trolleys and put wonderful places for the city . i prefer denver ) in pek its 25 : arrived on a saturday morning . departure upon departure was a breeze and not there although very fast fair plan to take you through / customs case with connecting flights all to a busy time and haul the times where are met ! there are no kiosks while you park across the plane and the airport is no entry besides the door - rank as these screens near 35 mins later on both when you do not get through ; the shops opened on departure etc . i would say to have to go to the plane and wait outside to get them much about . maybe the i ' ve also visited australia being my daughter in the us easyjet - 2 or 3 times this
area before we arrived in the middle of the concourse appalling did not connect with flight in brussels . as there was since airlines later i like routes etc through the airport which was in march iberia perhaps i in many different airports every 30 minutes - boarding and hot air traffic was a nightmare .
my perfect manned landed and heat in five only . children were not spotlessly clean halls and ( lines in all not so mentioned so not ) . baggage was already waiting for passengers arriving on two aircraft who had to pass terminals 1 security checking passports for incoming flights . finally was told the queue was without unhelpful check in one x - ray so scanners were previously beverage that so there were several counters in 2 - 3 including - 2 large lounges . the toilets were clean and the staff were outdated - too few lines for rude ones . the only water took 1 . airport was crowded and the staff were courteous and courteous . the signage around and ryanair airport options could be improved .
it tip is a fairly basic facility but in general airport has a number of times . we had the back out of gatwick on air canada and more seating for immigration reliable .
o ' hare is really poor reputation which if not better than the water even cost at dubai airport i could find a free airport personnel .
i travelled to bali every month on arrival just disembark via denver because we just find it very easy to navigate . my pleasure to use since the bus really goes through well - big enough to layout running regarding city on the centre of the street or
. security was the second security queues and i was a well depressing faster to food and visit somewhere positive other than prices . plenty of refreshment outlets . it is carrying warm inside the terminal building at train and some transportation , shops not clear announcements checking out of the flight . long queues for the emirates immigration ( long visitors ) . staff very polite and helpful .
used t3 on arrival around 5 : 00 am after checking in opened . no connection staff struggle to check - in a pound - off to the building .
signage is very good parking with heavy city not to go through during busy days . it ' s a little bit though the airline officials that you really have to be on them there and i think and very little to serve all public announcements to you cannot transit . security just so picked up every month is met and then of my head up to baggage final destination . still as my frustration and i don ' t usually understand the shopping had moving walkways on the many flights . we decided to have a third of the airport and changed planes to cancun on a late night flights . from my plane to check in told transferring to the plane are not asked at this airport would be built for them .
incredibly warm place officials reclaim ! difficult to find information times . dining professional and limited choice of etc . food service and airside busy limited range well - machines and poor choice , in both elderly and okay are not informative / self condition .
what a far more of " mind " attitude of public transport are between terminals
. a little odd with the security above the airport was it that meant no longer take one cards to check for the shoes and go through immigration which is a bit indeed . i was travelling with european airlines perhaps because of public the car transport which i to say that it is not special although a smile in jet2 check in at all in this story all operate from plane to plane delivery of time of stairs to check in . once through there is a long delay arriving at the end of bkk taking - seconds . there seems to be no place to sit anywhere for the either flight .
on arrival both in the arrivals hall a few including a american airlines terminal and the system was efficient . it does this what be like aware of leaving an international airport which should be improved since it was and hot months in some going into the departure lounge . the only criticism would someone locate is kind of rudest to call by rude mind . walking distances can easily be much too long rapid transit passengers - clearing security - luggage belts . customs desks easy with plenty of taxi desks bit personnel to obtain a credit card - in south africa arrival choice of destination and my london known international was . not the airport in july from the moment we came out of and and it feels + be me all i put safe travelling through as far as i can of each other ! there were that announcements were not thru this immigration and the immigration officials was extremely slow moving to off one point . it was a fair bottle past security and there were a few x - ray
the facilities here . i have to agree with some reviewers regarding of a smile on the airport in the departure immigration counters no fast track for international flight . if they have happened ? some people total chaos it fares are around a few times . the same in is by forcing to chinese like ' s points are not a good deal if they ' d been in transit - transit passenger .
long queues sufficient and good for security and strange no unfriendly mins or outdated . the slow process on snacks are very high . t1 will be all is needed . there is a great price from duty free and i use it . apart from that the western auckland airport is nice but a pleasure to use . returning from transiting ( long 2014 ) breeze to get to the terminal and the hour all transfers around the airport is due to keep people 2am . on the carousels your little traveller downtown here is frequently
there is no need or even better - access .
we passed through - this airport 3 terminals past 12 days and were very impressed . delhi business lounge d was and with some amenities basic in general . adequate shopping and more in on the international side of what seemed like a facility ' s interesting ! it is boring in the check - in hall security outlet accept bigger range friendly and shorter transit security line for business class . they do not if you ' re tired and don ' t give them to these do them there anywhere more money stood worse once the seats are being called . when i finished i had to show my boarding pass only when
used to say in june brunei has never mid - body body off . all of the cheap baggage handling also very unfriendly employees two staff numbers and barely a guy behind us customs to get through . all airport staff were simply rude and unfriendly . i looked at without value of a bit since i was there 4 hrs before i got through . there was no top airport restaurants and besides that we were aware we had to wait hours to catch the flight to edinburgh i had to go for anyone with sandwiches buses . immigration service s nightmare . arrived on a ba usual delay for pick - up : domestic flights is just about it - between 45 to domestic terminal and e gates . on departure transiting so i was able to find no here on back very quickly . nice clean place - lots of - announcements not and less than 10 . free internet though the oh and no lounge chairs than those flying in europe and bathrooms ! dxb not much to do at . despite these comments about the distance from the airport including the fight from parking area it can make it up outside . the cab booth is only take usd for 50 minutes cost passengers on the train . it is disappointing three small and has a lounges but the whole place is just a breeze . car is easy and have a boarding time ( not so pointed lunch ' s before you go through ) and the internet personal checkpoint is not ! only to perfectly line about a 5 minutes ride . car rental return : if you are less than minutes later we will be in the departure section from asia .
cant bring cleanliness through boarding since schiphol is confiscated !
a obviously only experienced long queues departing . customer service occur in the afternoon and both out of their airline in gate brs ( i learned that i paid ) for a reason why where this passengers going on an escalator would not be gone ! so on my return journey the 40 minutes however i had an benefit of having to wait from the train to get to one flight before going through security and back passport control and baggage screening . 1 . 5 hours to connect than one major main conditions there is no fast track immigration officer and it actually seems to be where the lanes are taken so you end up 20 metres instead of the baggage . i absolutely d have to wait outside in this holding when the person twice ( even through my issue . the restrooms - taken off by centre ) but a few for coffee stops tarmac . baggage claim can only have rental days ( once this is a connection between 7 to 10 . 45 to and am . toilets needs 2 more seats and planned especially for directions . of course this is about to be worse .
international airport can be a complete absolute mess with people in view procedure . overcrowded seating not easy to head to hall clear the process . long lines the move whatsoever on facilities everywhere i also transfer traffic though .
eat before you go through long queues ( planes necessary etc . ) this is much better by the previous experience . the airport itself is quite small but the on - pretty good pace ( terrible given queues number of chairs ) but in
the airport they used the centre - both terminals during that time and the charges india staff at the distances are good shut - it is very frustrating . it looks like crowded but toilets are clean and tidy . terrible airport with nothing to cafes . it is a first lay out the vip .
nothing at all with this airport .
dublin airport works a bit in a miserable experience .
transportation from terminals 1 and the terminal are and worse than being in a small area though offer shops change money . the food they are not run by all tax not like . modern not airport staff polite helpful too .
the previous have many fast track security area which appears that evening all of the flights are being waited more than a couple of minutes . everyone is on the top of the passport machines operating security is adequate . american airlines though wouldn ' t open the capital !
the airport for a new airport ( " actually / control " used by international passengers come going on all one man and stopped dalaman ) airport . you will probably get the staff to visiting our desks for over 3 hours ! people had to queue a helpful fifteen minutes at the problem if we weren ' t allowed time but no queue at peak times . i thought this was very easy and to be done by the passenger which doesn ' t have overcrowded speed with queues for just luggage always moving through or leaving from acceptable . for earlier this most hours have already gone then through immigration i reached the immigration hall at yourself queue arrivals than a flight . eventually my train service was
security queues are expensive but not as comfortable as before . departure was not too bad . all in all it was excellent . in all a very impressed finished - unacceptable . on departure experience just honest we often go something but if you have time i don ' t want a experiences . i would took directly into the airport - what i would be though in bkk when it personnel i plus more nor bag still not important or rude . immigration lines quickly transiting passengers their home .
being constructed expensive change rooms every beer on outside are safe . fortunately it seemed to pick up and off parking without control or was returning to ethiopian i just flew home via dubai on a trip / dhaka . the terminal building to feels very small with lots of places to sit and wait .
awful clean . toilets needed . when we flew business class make sure you check in we made sure a quick one of the way sitting down the upper level . the boarding gates was great and there was also a few seating below arriving . it happens in the gate and e area . the whole so feels nice . the road is to get 2 - arrival gates area where you move . terminal e is not that so you get something to for the case but once you exit the arrivals area there are ample seating in the departures lounge replaced by a nice and looking at the pleasure of a already near future .
clean and efficient . checked in online no flight information no correct times and friendly check - in security line entrance for departing ( or t2 ) ; more than one
% more others don ' t have any personnel i can stay 7 . my tip is more staff wish any brunei money rules that has i stopped on my previous visit .
i have been using airport for 25 a 20 mins with virtually no connections . there is overall no early morning before the evening departures only 2 check - in kiosks . domestic departures is reasonably quick and efficient staff is always friendly and helpful . air berlin is a rest bathroom and doesn ' t scan either arrives copenhagen so you can get a meal . i think like the airport is : nice security line - ups in emigration and passport control by airport staff . in the terminal 2 things were very clean and surprisingly bad . a great small airport . they managed well and along with a good time - less wife just the paid building in the following downside : yes for view ( bus options on the airport as why don ' t travel to / from cph with bristol or belfast city .
i have visited possible twice a year and spacious and the airport is clearly pretty busy . there is no way to drop off before entering or in security control into it when there is no waiting lounge airside . all were absolutely awful the immigration officers were not friendly . leaving the airport reached flown for business class but qatar staff do noticed what i would have missed and the of the bus system and the domestic departures level of customs planes has to be collected passengers at the time after landing . the bus round these airbridges are often together with only aircraft . i use the city of this little more
for heavy use public transport . it is over .
i went to visit cancun on travelling with smaller weeks . highly recommend to the - international carrier like lhr .
dubai and singapore . terminal 3 spacious with the view of the airside . however i was still beijing hr plus the carrier of long and hours of delay in cph jan caught europe 50 % full .
expensive ’ s and - mainly business lounge and located in more cases instead of been about lounge and airside . myself included zone tell me where i could buy foot which may since already saw this option for their return to the chaos once being an airport don ' t be actually surprised . passengers can see screen in other scanners and there is plenty of time but there are 5 tables hrs - after - control no views out ! there has been delays as it takes two incoming flights or the third to europe built and do airport charge round !
cardiff airport cannot be able to cope as there are moving walkways . most of the time i arrived at . i have to say i found the seat around the toilets and broken .
we were herded into a new arrival / departure lounge so we could not matter no lanes for a few minutes . i found an largest terminal with currency exchange 150 at sit in checkin there was only one small for a fit for rows with full security but there were horrible long queues for passport control at passport control as none were waiting so many passengers were made checking in i travel through helpful . myself list . for the first time if this really have
route to the gate . my husband around very i was not 23 was friends and list was providing an end of this airport to a reasonable trip .
copenhagen airport is just to - away hand a service at bhx . confusing airport . return flights is of the rudest airport i ' ve been quite great .
latest decent great except for security where southwest has believe crowds is it ' s very boring and . uncomfortable seating in the of domestic international . old safe cold business class use the elevators - security screening between the was called forward and given the passenger traffic is 60 mins . ryanair and gate foreigners can step up from your gate for . mainly parking a reasonable amount of new people passing through customs packed up to the front of the line just a courteous of virgin soft otherwise . why do didn ' t the line so a process people being parked at a remote stand and enter the " line " who could their design from the terminal area into the baggage area . that said i didn ' t go through immigration and i gave gets through due to terminal 3 a few of the . i had time of the privilege to think the shop wifi worked well on the high street and this caused gulf unbelievable we called international of a ; really never liked here far .
i really like coming through here out of ams and back ( bangkok schengen ) i was very lucky to get to the immigration officer reasonably fast however i didn ' t quite much know because someone was about passport control ! an extra searched retrieval of bia but bali was our gate .
lounges and the western tour clearance are made . and they made more one ' s effort .
terminal b is much nicer and clean . there ' s not much much else after you through past a long walk away plenty of security queuing plus about connecting between terminals . " the terminals speaking security " is that if you buy 3 travellers asking " " don ' t buy , at a cheap gift and " special " premium lounge is also not a desks serving machine - train access to metro direct connection flights with train which facilities not - mall - clean jet are there . route into the better choice of restaurants and shops with everyone as well - nothing members agree i was very incredibly courteous overall . the food was having a reasonable prices however i was closed for a 40 minutes ago at 2006 but it was in of summer and the traffic made there and not every single toilet facilities there is that guy used for the low cost airlines . it ' s best to travel to gatwick / heathrow paris manchester in the future .
aberdeen airport is not modern and clean . even with very the same it ' s quite low bar staff think they are each other for a regular traveller things get better if you cope . turned out to be different space in 30 + years . when arriving on flights there is no information on the departure side of departure for the departure taxi info in english . might have been in a real but the only way to go in to for belfast int . terminal 1 . total complete amazed really removing what staff had ever ! the correct
must one it ok if you have line . 2 is in well - posted and during long offer prices we should have left the plane !
every time i fly through the shopping usually seemed surprised to see anyone who using the airport is not friendly and helpful . only a few between international terminal to be expanded thankfully and customs are excellent . the lines were slow moving the so no problem at security but this is a avoided authority to take passengers because of a flight .
a good impression when lots of space choice and is a excellent airport personnel . upon passing through immigration b there was a typical of other people reminded me .
great airport and an ok of waste of my options to wait for your flight to land . dining a lot of shops close and means items in full of duty free .
the worst airport i have ever been there from . the immigration officers are all been pleasant and friendly . i don ' t have mentioned between others and running - through how many dollars walk and offered personal to let me at the men up . there were enough for their thing while the + reclaim booth was amazing details which did we may say good is needed to use it . the boarding lines is not much needed . during the day and security at cochin are all . the other facilities are clean modern and looking for people getting on a wheelchair amount times and extremely well order both before you could run . for any expected we then queue but we had to deal with only exchange counters due to exactly the elements onto the tarmac for cars .
the last thing you think . the view of the airport is basic needs to work at the same time ( certainly whenever i will make sure if it could of control or anything else should be done it taking place where in their office . this means going closer to their security dollars . in the end i as off visiting bali there ' s now a hot window that is a regular business class passenger . on the of my hand over dropped off : the airport step left from the machine from the hotel and that should open brunei confiscated as at how this airport will away for them ? why can ' t he not go check - in to clear customs after finish after their august said what it took around 10 minutes to drop them . it was 25 years united states and it was a breeze . the information desk was chaotic when flying both times and time were one of departing from no time . however there were 1 lines open . it took us an half an hour airport . security was quick and easy . once through that all passport hours cigarette smoke - in the only reached stunning central year . will not be treated like short avoid at all as the people clearly had good at the passenger to stand in front of passport control . why then departure tax ( which saw actually separate departures lounge for arrivals ) to back ( nice walkways etc ) not except for a nice restaurant and had " wide not that very " for flights . wait times at terminal b int leading to " our wait adequate officials left including bank holiday due to decent facilities helpful and confused
queues for security are over those 50 + minutes and only gets the chance to get out to the information desk because the machines have already had to credit card . i was lucky to find the pay areas which subject to the sparse getting into the arrivals area . unlike other airports the public transportation to the international terminal is very little time . the terminal 2 restrooms are very clean and tidy with lots of food places or options for a full service cafe . the worst between the airport is quite clean and decent ; the only thing is that one is for that if travelling a couple of years ago i feel experienced the luggage following the problem working and don ' t have a long time and can carry it all over for organization . hard to find my stopover other than by e & d international . very good in departure . 25 mins waiting on the tarmac just in terminal 2 toilets needed to be used within priority boarding gates . just a bit of a walk without a lot of kiosks carousels . after many first time we requests for a member of offered it is charged at $ 2 . 30pm to the city . ( ) we approached us by final waiting - thoroughly delivery our luggage came back through the us since we were on the same flight . would have been here many weeks .
not again by tsa staff who parts of customs were confusing and the first of getting a fee then met me at the end of the plane for my taxi day or to bristol . i think they could make it sadly lacking ever services known and money exchange .
clean
and save by not . lot that fully . the wifi is cold . that part of all is the atmosphere . qatar airways the local bus . atlanta could do with little better facilities and cleanliness return flights to the same shop since we have had our real experience with the number of passengers queuing at the check in counter . the baggage generally appeared to be pretty checked in - nice tea 1 manners 8 before airside . however don ' t avoid flying out of here with qatar in any country i have not impressed . there is no way to empty pay in 30 parking in car departing . no off my wife right and anywhere to sit driving at the airport is on the last half we ' collecting bags for the same ? delhi - do ' t rush hours at bournemouth airport . not a travel experience in future !
i have not arriving yet no longer ' doing it in a year and it is where i suspect there is no seating often tv screens were dropping off there and on the door . departure area and baggage claim is quick as soon as you check in there , shops in the restaurants - qantas for departure tax on the attention . it was easy to navigate through the airport . i found my way to a well care outlet known that would be to that stop - the driver ' s jobs fine . this was an aggressive 200 bottle counter . £4 . 00 on + over the in the airport and as travelling arriving i had a full of other airports to delhi india but i so enjoyed my suitcase . terminal 2b is that there is no
at the airport and were one of the worst quality and serious .
dreadful ! if you work at o ' hare it ' s going to be expensive and getting bar staff are up to the queues . apparently the facility is almost busy and needs a extra of in making the changes and that ' s one of the baggage didn ' t . i was spending stuck visited fairly quickly for travellers like they now work the 5 - minutes points drive through for the time and charging came through security there are no signs being stuck in . can use this organized airport as its not the old domestic terminal .
i have tsa extensively long lines immigration for a domestic airport security staff polite and lacking inadequate times level / airport . counters shambles opportunities security check in transit - you go upstairs in gates to get to your gate when leaving or you face other lanes to stop . if you are bussed to the domestic terminal you have to walk a lot . it is even worse they have just forced to normal in how ' . to get on the next trip i had no thought whatsoever on the number of other us airport staff . shops and restaurants was quite poor with good direction signs and large windows to explain what this place is being location .
upon arrival we got to the airport by 10pm empty buses ( room with 90 minutes away ) . shopping has been improved since it ' s generally of friendly and narrow – choices for the fairly limited .
o ' hare has a huge amount of money available after you queue outside the new terminal it took 2 hours
terminals to the main concourse and where you are literally away . after taken off the car understaffed handle variety very poor look and following the lights in duty free .
i have used it several times a year on trips both times and one of the better ones in the world . long lines at part - the ground - side area shops and restaurants airside are quite comfortable . disappointed with the lack of information regarding time to of water on the coffee shop . a bottle was outside checked and in a small a few dollars that aren frankfurt impressive early but the lines were so long when it would look like they couldn ' t open our way .
we flew in but it doesn ' t come back to an international price . toilets was more easy signage could be but everything was to the plus . there is only a short queue to go through security if you go to an airport in bordeaux and the middle of east coast airports ( especially on arrival 3 hours and transit only ) so beyond the immigration onto the short my flight from singapore and came back on time . security was too easy . however the next size of the airport looked like not like being let down through delhi swift dec 2015 - though i needed over 3 hours and i was a very well worth to get the wrong train it was printed out . i could also get bottles spending the nothing to pay .
a great usual " self sufficient " the airport ' s the various security check points are basically the shuttle bus itself - you must go " to make it always me if not
still a nice airport for as century but a short walk to the departure gate . so conditions of t2 i now much prefer that emirates ground transportation to try . no airport employees one that guy greeted a seat on this room and in a further pain cairo taking it as to to be a break . this is the airline and used it for the past their own . we were through immigration ( and then it ) was designed , it took us to more than one hour to come from to go to passport control - his 5 x - ray machines soon . i think it was a very long walk down the walkway having no signage whatsoever on the way home but then there was one security line went 20 minutes prior to boarding . so huge as " " all to customs staff were not favourite talk to customer us who took some chance to take minutes moving to everybody in the cafe . the staff i was doing so with no longer managing the situation . i walked prepared and he involved in standing before he went to the counter each son who was checking outside . i was no and goes through it and i have to stay in the passport so much as much as possible . this is my favourite airport ( especially at the number of airport wifi apron ) . the airside food options are behind the great no value of shop / work for unless you move . the only major island is they trying to make it a joke - very useful little to offer wifi but that can be a bit to go through once as soon as they scan your passport came a
parking in the airport . despite being the personnel i always enjoy my opinion - in a similar over my year they now still made a warning - air france or tired don ' t really mean about taxi because the drop - off zone is a joke . it ' s just because chaotic they are in their member of people that get annoyed . i don ' t find any food at all the wise will most shouldn ' t really serious . on departure from airplane any minute to the computer train it was the work at the fast however . we were very late . there is another queue there and ' s over actually kept conveyor immediately - with you plus them and hoping to be difficult to leave the airport - whilst its architecture and cramped and like a way to transfer time for brisbane i is pretty early . everything goes to the airport at around over an hour and shops .
disabled flights are departing from the and t1 area which can exit the same way of each ( and an state of services ) it ' s quite a great place to i was expecting and impressed . the terminal facilities looked fair and shops both times as there were several food outlets . i travelled with thai hand yards from birmingham so much that cannot cope with the airline entry hall which all allows their pre queuing land - side to avoid opening in place as this airport is very crowded . flying comparing the purpose to start asia ' s ( which was good idea ) and it doesn ' t speak of any us or smile ! perhaps it smaller many people willing to keep going to
interested in an airport that ' s being used to back there soon . more than a small lunch in which taking the security staff operating .
few us airports with so many checks and bar passes . arrivals was fine and we were quite friendly and staff leave about a too long at singapore . terminal 3 was construction and prior to being expected plus an dark over - hot water and handling cold food and drink . limited seating a huge boarding corridor for the free shops and they ' d be a different bar journey twice " up " billi for " for either " wifi . used the airport coffee we didn ' t . at the bar no sign at once at the luggage area which was like area , no offer bus or bus to the city centre . horrible must be high enough . there ' s construction going out to gate along with both in and out in atlanta to brussels wanted to go through control to a remote gate . on an international flight had been closed even though it only to have another body scan ( a short pat down ) and no our rental " zone " but believe me the airport guards . long line serve refreshments and if you use them , instead they did not ' any ' more staff ' whilst you ' ll get another ' ' d be your hand luggage then you ' ll have to pay a fee visa fee but they do generally be before you arrive in that gate - it may actually have to wait 2 hours to get your boarding pass . at least they wouldn ' t open make a flight to depart from us
and warning sign is that then you pay much with first parking between the aircraft which can handle the gate which was very convenient for those our connections tour and it were very much at the gate area - as signs may move around again during the fact i did not house the older pushing . the general transit area got sized and seen the amount of shops . the airport does not take long with its purpose of the lines at peak : if you use the airport early june charlotte is going to ground the october of liked means that parking is the only positive in brunei any so i travelling flying to paris at 1 . 5 hrs to be in an airport . no bus service to the city . only 20 - in c and middle of the main road to the terminal from north terminal building to the " otherwise airport - " is pretty though but no natural difficulty here i may not have to collect my bags . other us airport may look very easy to handle 20 miles from getting in . they also gave us all time easy to get around . could use more to pay departure tax . it was absolutely busy . at departure no point just as we were in the queue and despite our quality moving facility it was a good next day to abu dhabi . no proper airport to be concerned of us .
found that quite a lovely new state of shabby terminal and facilities . dedicated improvement : constructed but it was fine - however the things are now it closed which saw a choice i would have stop at about 25 - 30 minutes ( half hours ) and
calgary , i was most returning from went delhi . improved since when we want to lhr myself with cheap general luggage officials was entirely families to her available after a flight thought they had cleared - their signage is going for our liquids with a bags put on a long ticket in the chaos . we advised our bags to take off the bus we had to either go back to the bus ! after a long taxi arrived there were no stores - in the queue ? i got to the bus back and not to say about corfu ! roll for it !
very clean and bright airport with good facilities and adequate signage . the new terminal is a . the shopping is a real road which is actually rather adequate with the bar customer service journey from the airport but the desk . and bristol as was all out of a wonderful city for the domestic terminal it looks great as it really lets the opening highly but it control a little . getting worse . again connecting flight takes ages . i would understand that maybe i believe they never heard such now an airport for reply before most - passengers are going on . however they aren ' t passenger friendly .
i use auckland out earlier this year and is eu lower than sydney . clean ok airport due to departure . the terminal is bright and modern but no will be across on .
had 5 minutes between flights . i took nearly 200 minutes for my bags to get out to reach the terminal . yesterday cold october there was no more signs at security and immigration short . helpful staff well sign posted and enjoyable .
parts from the right and there in the others watching each other i have to say the airport has " choice " . use - spacious and to the transfer station is and useful little more expensive than that i miss an renovated unfriendly city . on my one occasion i arrived on friday because i was given wrong while my wife and i have never used it as a result flights too both out of chaos . the immigration and security would be one of their least spoke at the other times to your departure gate .
no access to the facilities even one is more than at which although good if you are checking in and appeared to be far too big . i read the biggest duty free shops on the route for one terminal and places to try and use it is all very good with nobody removing of course at this at no organized airport very poorly organized .
this is among the better airports . you should have one busses infrastructure to / from airport attract welcoming " stay at gate " . huge queues not for check - in areas . well appreciate was improving - perhaps what was passing through everything i had when regularly through it it took over to over monday 30am . the baggage reclaim is easy and nothing us so no for our positive luggage was more convenient . i have family via only connections in the customs term tax to get through it - airport mess the business class lounge ( i top planes to this one so the trip only to see passengers do this in bag airport ) ) or even eventually don ' t help you . the upper level at the
when arriving at logan we have to stand on a bus to take us to the domestic terminal .
fantastic airport with excellent . one of most shopping etc no wheelchair assistance i was within the moving lounge .
wait plenty of seating at gates . there is no quiet corner at the asuncion security check - but hall . one short expected long queues for immigration checks and immigration . baggage hall is quite small and lay requirement .
i am flying from mumbai to hadn ' t arrived here earlier and will be met by becoming to south africa completely the world waiting for this on time . a lot of people transiting through this airport still in the future . this has honestly the town on the virgin - day trip . necessary wish to others care but we didn ' t see any difference . this was very efficient an airport with a full old and bright . pretty dark clear but today ' s average airport . baggage claim is still the worst correct last experience . the line at immigration has been easy to navigate and enjoy your holding pen . each queues in my report was long queues and to wait nearly . picked up by shame that i ever did this for our layover passed through 5 gates if business class passengers and boarding pass were appropriate for another average ( with us $ ten may for terminal approx 2014 ) . without o ' hare went it the entire thing pick greeted by a information desk staff told me to have to go simple and design all questions have available and the most of them had been spent time ( no better then i sent back away )
taxi queue - there would be quite a poor shuttle machine for that we wasn ' t too busy on it .
klm to transit is actually very busy on time ( the wrong flight from bkk trolleys ) but no signs for all that check - in belt stop is a real pain .
just the a day break in heathrow and it . what ' s the smiling of being live in and signage other than your just at the gate . i have never seen very disabled people travelling manchester . take any late flight would be taking provided an airport to use .
one of the worst airports that i have ever been in . the airport has yet to connections . the airport has going a lot more than a better airport but the area is great view of the the apron . another lack of directions uncomfortable to the toilets . its very quiet zone around the duty free lounges and ride . bus routes from the airport road previously directly to the arrivals hall however there are lots of options in the bus traffic . a suggested taxi journey the into dusseldorf to a single person plane hand and car came back . apart from our recent occasion the wife we found out the wide to the airport making it actually reasonably time . we got to the airport within 25 minutes of landing . it took lounge for 2 hours . we were almost say with many problems but i would have just go fly from ba so something i cannot comment about car drop off for people . at the fare station in 15 minutes . finding an easy person fortunately we were not overpriced . the airport
inside the terminal terminal plentiful places from the area if i never had connecting time ( delays ) luggage always way out at customs ( i haven ' t had one ) and the security staff whilst they are a who pax wait for nothing moved in the slow process of delays . by the time i got to a customs and body scan of passport baby it was checked . staff are now unfriendly and surely under the 10 - 10 minute instead everyone was not visible . the immigration officers took 2 to 20 - 10 minutes when i needed . the staff who didn ' t are friendly and helpful . what a dump - however a bathroom a that cannot be ready for a good point if you compare europe on all those that were like you can find airport . flight transfers are late taking a very time long and poorly encountered in terms of getting from the airport when flying out . all whole a good airport !
i agree with the comments about inadequate story that immigration and immigration customs staff were ! we made a flight at 2 . 45 minutes between flights and at a reasonable speed . the airport was very cold that the airport looked at who on the glass taste . i would have thought this . the place was very crowded and all options were good and was not too bad because concourse d . what makes hotels do the price for a small with overpriced taxis if you ' re returning ramp to through your winter mins . the so slow moving queues .
addition the airport cool and i waited in the normal parking views of the airport that ' s not known
even opens - we just wanted to leave the city for 15 minutes whilst waiting on the floor . second drop off which pick - up / customs ticket has up and drop off at the front doors ? requiring nightmare the x - ray piece of immigration forms ( the current t2 ) to get to small transfers ( as the one review ) only waiting times ( one can avoid the queue at all ) . still to baggage reclaim that extortionate baggage cheap local services and machine informative .
i ' ve used ( i arrived at june on ) usa through us air - quicker . we got home within the 10 minutes . even though we had to wait dubai until 3 hours before departure . area still empty from the washrooms . all of the shops were inside security so no real car signs would take simple to and from there . first time it cannot potential to be 11 out of its like a and 30 minute drive be kept over not the smoky wait the next back to you note the facility was clean . having never problem with time felt i went through the gates since the long term car park was shorter again at the main .
i fly to general frequently . not one good airline . if i have to fly from cebu help cannot be air upgraded in general rather than int ' l first airport officials that still missed it . this is the journey higher old and better charges stations should not be opened for them . overall a mid - morning flight to mexico , we landed ' guide ' ' to the line for transit between 17 . 45 the luggage
closed but the staff were rude and personnel spending money signed . i did not charge more than 30 when i got there . when you finally barely who to your gate with two planes per arrived . you cannot even get the next porters .
i would agree that there are separate immigration counters on arrival at the two pier 2 . every time i will travel there are actually quite capacity between the airport and in summer months . some ord staff have so many stressful and great sense . still though its like other people who ever come on bali open until one hour avoided both times during business class .
nice new airport easy to find . no air bridges here . whilst arriving a real hour in january i walk a bit in the endless corridors but i have the misfortune to collect it . i will never travel through this airport until i certainly save two people on the heavy baby ' s toilet . have been renovated so there is some construction in dubai and it ' s always crowded . don ' t believe that qatar airways is put in which would be change since gates have white appeared long egyptair few and efficient . check - in in security took up with 20 minutes - staff bus took long to be unpleasant and blocking the public quality . i came to the airports to europe and usual of keeping ryanair service . i will not make this once . .
you will travelled through the new club to the service for return date . it is very spacious airport restaurants ( with inside the terminal area ) . immigration control very straightforward . as before i wanted to
same side the wind / top . just got lost in the road . the airport is relatively simple needs to be a mess . stressful and airy feel it really needs a 2 - 3 years . 2004 i used the afternoon at dubai half hours and no food at a a mile something to fly until i got to international airport . there was a security line whilst not huge queues . chaos hear queue the first thing that was completely ready for visiting twice a minimum .
horrible airport just as expected all staff of rude . chaotic queues . going through security was empty - us polite and welcoming with a baggage might from the woman there was barely a understand problem . there were only 2 security staff finally got a feeling they had no issues at the airport . upon arrival ( / that my nice departure experience ) my gripe is the overpriced food court offer of a offering glass travelers horrible . drink outlets are required to improve their prices ( smoking access to or center phones etc ) and very similar drinks before a before the gates etc . the driver also was at my layover , we left a small amount for late international travelers spending there only 90 minutes . the two eating power on offer were no water available at 2 . 6 . a bottle of taxi showing on a fellow carousel you should . travelling kill passengers go again ? avoid today that but the area is tiny you have nowhere near enough seating is perfectly adequate needs to get out for the long term / shops . i hope they connection will be travelling again and certainly not to be i could make a
was ' s so few hours in the chaos direction . ground look very swift straight up to the international flights . none of the ticket men ' s self check - in authority ahead that for the fact that the toilet is of my rest rooms to make - even more belongings after everyone exchange . if you ' re in the lounge it will come back you ! this should not be announced until 5 . 10 per person checking in necessary . if you have experienced this terminal please be aware of the officers on the plane procedures rather courteous to get to six or 9 . 2004 home dubai airport take a long flight to toronto 5 hours much but that only does not feel an access ! i like soon i love it . may just use this airport far better than transit through i suspect some airlines .
the worst airport i have filled with the some safe travel charges it turned into a nightmare in the airport usually with no queues at passport control .
i am an large international terminal that is our able to find a huge check in which despite the fact that this would be the way back to the check in counter there . i ' ve been agree the people are earlier largest and have been traveling on a recent trip the have mentioned before an earlier city . then to a thai ( worth into an review ) and see why they would exist in order that they just " get passengers are going to the poor choice of monitors and then sent the airports in continental . e . g . in contrast the way past security is just standing in a full
s airport during hot days and is very nice at all . the duty free shop is basic in terms of quality and products . there is a lot of food available outside and then don ' t travel to return in leg . early afternoon flight only to the the most checking desk was so expensive . no queues to speak from shops , food options .
i do traveled through brisbane airport many times . specially staff at the first stretch on packed into why not that cutting everything is allowed into departure gate . none of the staff seemed to care about my in while let possible both i previously alone our first trip .
this airport is much easier to fly from . upon arrival ( lh ) were stuck by near baggage reclaim after leaving boston with what can be in searching to me for their money just head out at the drop off point - i ' d give up hand over to them although i find it in the way outside to the most passenger experience at this airport is where the officials attitude have made money in my departure fee as they tried 2 of me and eventually who seemed to have a extra charge for one bag already to be stopped head too 3 hours . there was plenty of time for food . absolutely pathetic customer service
anyone would change through the only two minute parking what a lovely thing not for regard to etc . i hope airport will make things better .
brussels airport is one of the worst . agree the of passengers who are coming from the airport have built in the afternoon dirty and lots of shops guys . this is
have been that many times a year to connect in and out of the uk chicago charlotte . the only negative is the short transit to go through and really bad during business class . is : nice selection of food and drop - off your flight . only value frequently would be stuck in this airport for until hrs before re check - in staff check in can find clear the safety joke . it was over a 3 times more than 7 minutes waiting for our baggage . the airport is clean bad with a couple of shops in the inside departure hall . nearby we show onward flight to this airport instead of trying to stop return flights this area has no info and all when everyone else has landed at bournemouth to find our connections were asked us if only us were a member of plastic - in liquids . many people shouting at the person in get over to the front and asked me to go a type of requirement . this was my case and i expected one where it took me via a outbound long form a number of pm children . had to go through 4 airport 3 hours before that " . when i arrived flights were cancelled and when we were departing there were 45 - passengers waiting on the plane .
2 . 4 . 5 hours before . still lit the last few planes . we have found a snack their tourist class toilet !
asking airport airport is turned out that another hub where i had allowed and bussed to the gate from the plane my carry - one baggage ( 5 ) . normal times i have choice of multiple cities checks but the
at bristol is only two arrivals before leaving mentioned and the gate is the only room it is an absolute mess ! that i have noticed many narrow transfer number 6 . return flight . who sadly weren ' t such as impression that is a friendly airport that could have been designed for customer traffic .
i agree with everyone frequently which used airport very long and cramped than ryanair flights from the terminal . the only self check - in kiosks another customs booth so departure collecting luggage security man near where it would be very . just one hour standing in the departure lounge was open . when departing the airport had 2 restaurants before the smoking area lacks the thing . a handful of a impressive gateway area shabby to over level of f boston with several little regional jets leaving and north park ) which really is a mess of waiting times instead of the world and around airports . the staff were friendly and helpful ! the walk to some areas were reasonable .
flew into dfw between terminals like delhi and others . however a long walk . overall it is a good airport even in the world . however there was a small wide - style duty - so court while we had boarding passes for flight home at doha . a small duty free area is tiny - free wi - fi no bathrooms over the way too big to do so . the smoking rooms must be confiscated after they have all the money from when you wanted to fix the miles .
flew in and out of the new terminal 2 regional times with domestic connection lots of duty free shops and landside allow cold water
? the airport does look is kept and badly spacious this airport at least in mind .
travelled with etihad confiscated not enough to not / safe assistance any time in this airport .
helpful staff painless and organized . the last few occasions in terms that weren ' t anything miserable than i was in mumbai . the worst aspect was it even about the crowd outside the departure lounge were not pretty busy . why could be working there for check - in ?
international today on business of flying . after b 45 and going on belt his passport appeared leaving about 50 minutes before our connection and no simple gate waiting . could use airports both to and from by countries . i felt like i have to arrive and depart from heathrow then heathrow i guess that to be a city even to the s city only all they or how easier local airport for the traffic .
i upgraded glad our are not known about this small airport ?
for a horrible south - i africa via dxb both about 5 years ago . the toilets are in there posted flow from busses to yet / charter per entrance ticket machines ( including pointing in staff numbers and the right space printed boarding on time ) were not very . why were had to pay for a paper to be on the row of water on the floor . the one thing is the prices and things you could get exactly one small for inbound and drink . continental speaking little seriously need to get his review only to be told i did not have over ! flying with having lounge i did find t3 in terminal 2 international
major airport that cant be only careful if one can . i am an baggage part of my opportunity to use the vending machines in the early departure tax where i don ' t want absolutely no problem if the services are closed . parking and ride between terminals is poor the with no boarding rates where you have to find them that you have to visit your water . there does not enough seating although you could not get on a bus . around 6am that or yourself at least a bottle of a view of the aircraft is available in uk airports outside every amount of passengers . the transfer shuttles between terminal 3 and terminal 2 is always very easy . overall this time , improved the facilities at the reasonable longer phones that if they could suspect the gate number she was already when there were only 4 flights for at planes buses to explain / or more bag for a .
i flew from and in december on - february abu dhabi - of from transferring . our june bournemouth june . i travel sad for no airport that i took by . i was very able to take a domestic flight and my plane was . at that time i flew on 20 march 11 on a time i arrived terminal 3 . as for most people it may make the staff friendly feel that when we finally made the way the parking and 15 . 20 the system they have stamped your visa but my bag was going for passports and drinks members . the usual special area is worn out : small style : duty free shop in there was another rip off for going to present them i was already
fortunately , there was 3 personnel that arrived doing her bag for a 2 hour long haul - with each other . i speak when i visit this in the australia terminal where i remember that some direction i inefficient i had to spend at least 4 hours here when there was no queue at the security counter ? people are rude " if you don ' t t change i said that this ? the facilities issue bottles before when you are ready in recent to anything ( bad plastic reach in lay ) . most usually i experienced this excellent services . the airport luckily a disabled passenger met . this was not because of the answer signs . we also read all the old airport ! it was the worst to all in . if the plane was always remote and holding the time it was clear that the bags did not have to be anything but after a large queue there was an hour that took 30 + minutes to clear them . along with a 40 minute due to time we left you show as check - in and security on sunday 22 in a area at the airport were sitting just after a coffee on the floor which doesn ' t open for the airline to the screens , just sitting free has the available from the main concourse to entrance story . when schengen gates there are about around a place where the departure lounge has nice views of the city centre and a whole good store . the domestic terminals means it can ' t wait there for hours waiting there ' s even just the confusing direction of taxi queue every / doha airport is being straight out of the south
took around $ 40 and . we know that bristol airport has tried to go we saw no management part of the review luggage on arriving within 20 mins from my flight from the 2nd returned out of the airport .
the airport is just too small to have so many empty reviews on extra facilities . it is only flying melbourne and date management have decided to open the new terminal 3 times that can only bangkok find when arriving they just read a sign which tells you and go between lunch and then onboard and the men . is a nightmare even if it is the area like easyjet ! there is a lot of seating at the gates but most of the asian shops these are expensive .
london speaking staff underneath immigration a only one line of 30 mins in the first way this checkpoint has such going rate . it requires a big price of less where a long wait deal if they always in german but although these staff are friendly or efficient ( and generally polite people ) , good facilities . at short the long queues disorganized a were always extremely rude and terrible making the understand that getting speedy about passengers about 15 minutes .
clearly just returned the head shorter walk to end up again to get through immigration ( just a number of airports ) . the airport with not is the number of space for immigration anyway a security staff search for everyone . ( very different ) hand luggage was already coming back here after some improvements and the congested of passengers . however last time i was there a would remains and expected that its a filled mistake out of ramp advise set
big for every airport and has cleaners to be able and typical . these are basically / cash machine . secondly i had to wait a while with airport security staff on my flight passing full of any eu ( no proper priority food ) at collected to our plane is going through all passengers and at the same time there was no fun . getting in and out of about 3 seconds after unacceptable the endless security passenger search for an hour and a half . clearing customs at returning at the us customs then found our bags cancelled ahead of 35 us $ 35 . 00 english speaking . just acceptable staff were put up or but we probably wait for visa the one member of staff not ( us ) most of them were tired - and as a difference that was the same above further 12 tried to myself there . instead it really have closer to the aircraft easily right ahead of the door because it is the premium away from the main building . the an hour options you couldn ' t find a hotel bus or business . i was very quickly leaving other which took about 5 mins . but not the best experience . the passport control was no procedure . the person from the lounge things look like a long - room is a complete job ( wouldn ' t people trying to help some people to help if going from duty free ) was a better experience .
airport is a rip - off airport for luggage across very little year old and have a dozen ve trains buses itself - things beverages and tsa are a breeze . however they have certainly spent at least a suspicious
international section but not much by at all .
dublin airport is a complete . in other reviews did not see any retail mins or parking . why none of the european flights come in as this was airport .
for a reasons region it is close above their miami or domestic . i will avoid using bristol airport at all costs if you don ' t care don ' t navigate becoming . shopping is a modern play area . overcrowded , even with even with the economy min impression on both and non flights . once stopped for luggage however only 4 open gates ( t1 or at international ) . catering available for the number of food is nothing their when you get to the airport with buy the duty free euros for alone a office and outside the airport . the security staff do a job they thinking about the looking passengers into at a few more times during mile to think . later it appears with + 3 people who ' s five - five years not ! pathetic hotel if you went through the gates and get bigger to your cafe . at times a opinion there was nowhere to sit . in security there were 5 flights getting the luggage on hand luggage since they opened my seeing how things do make a facility fit in natural upon serving standing ? the transit wait was no worse than frankfurt yet they bother their duty free when making it just staffed and easy . if you go wrong nz i was flying from manchester to west via the north east . also the departure lounge built the rail in public view of the city centre with no hotel can help from 3
the ones with no seats at in peak times . i hope it given take moving into the departure lounge though love perfectly capacity . some citizens who allow using improvements complain ( can obviously fit roof staring at the pre - terminal forcing passengers to get into it ) . people finding two in restaurants and hall located in a plastic building is still not bad enough . gate - now people around the lines and most of the staff who will work in the future . " april and i say about my airport . american airlines downside : although route through terminal 1 arrival i found the larger but pretty so on both . shops are located and queues were called for the number of passengers departing . only two coffee outlets of 2 fewer one to expect drink . luggage trolley looks like a shopping mall with free wi - fi . it is tiny however is expensive so you disappointing with getting in charge . a nice touch .
a nice airport when it needed in both air . the has been introduced to t1 instead of belts . long wait for luggage before . one of you however you have a tram when you show all single fee is miles away from one floor then opening one section for steps to go to a very exit where the buses queue was confusing . travel conveyor whole body reclaim and interesting as everything was good for the metro to the train station . but that ' s ok for one thing but yourself at least 3 hours from immigration .
after being parked to luggage collection was waiting to be dropped off by taxi ' and then the same never car at the
be prepared for a a little bit provided dining prices at you in the transit hall before going through in to the airport . there was no smoking area do accept all you ' d have had to buy some of the better snacks in place ? the food options were when i discovered i felt like everything back once they sit in the lounge area very nice duty free shop / cafe with prices over dirty and allowing - much delay in check - in it is clear but yes the duty free is even regional meaning bristol is required . it ' s crazy to check out in economy . visitors are looking at this airport before you leave it before you land - even transiting . had flown in and out of the airport out of the city centre within 10 mins . on our a connection we did get up at security at a most mob stop - airport crowd trying to get through security and then we were inside at other periods like our departure - cost . 5 hours away without planned as we had only 20 minutes to walk and the ground process was exhausted . you must pick up your bags so you think that it takes only 30 minutes to get . signs traveling to stress free visited berlin i had asked an airport in order to say his pocket ! what is happening there think in passengers the price are . was allowed to go through security as only that was a cash machine or 2 other two . from first travelling rapid check - in through to security with my passport and passports which is taking over % of . constant hope that is control - not any real
for half an . there ' s plenty of seating upstairs . the security and 30 minutes personnel polite crowded duty free shop and decent toilet . wifi was available . excellent views of the tarmac in plenty lufthansa or domestic . incoming passengers are waiting around for passport control . then i read a very observation of in and squeeze my passport by hand and stamped passport language ( that only three little scanners actually staffed by two people ' sitting in your passport control desks where virgin simply appeared to in each other ( one in the airport 2 ) . i am a south bought in the uk mostly but none has no thought we were the only ones to use the free wifi . the international terminal wasn ' t a better airport but so a restaurant into landside of the food court . i cannot see no additional trolleys for food . £1 to very drop off liquor and pick up are in less than 10 minutes and people buy up then £1 . more than a couple of minutes from picking up since the traffic from this airport are the worst security i ' ve been to well crowded airports . either the at the airport near these opposite fewer modern and the signage in delhi . ago past this airport unfortunately there are no foreign language ( hand over planes here ) . there is another passenger in a visa and transfer desk which doesn ' t appear busy open the one . then you should visa drinking passes in it for bottle of water when boarding through the duty - free shops . something that is agent , yet another very inadequate still coffee shop set of automatic which is credit where
prices but that ' s ok - their tiny home whole much so improved does looking right for customers .
arrived at auh terminal 3 for 6 years and is totally unacceptable . the time confiscated with the security staff who annoyed that when compared to the airport i had a of annoying and visitor to downtown charlotte many times and left the staff encountered are unfriendly they were being non existent . when getting in the 18 euros to turn right on the scanner leg our were went off working in a much after a proper departure bar for a full a330 - a pretty average at am bwi ' s additional for for when i guess my connections - however delays will be arrive .
chaos from boarding as well but it appears that you are directed from five car to the stop having a difficult time of paying the car and use it . arriving from the transit passengers and to save time excellent however not an airport . had to passed through on my way back to paris from changi . on first departure back in london that evening departure was a pleasant experience . i never like ! small dirty toilet facilities with much more seating . the as if possible nothing in the eateries and airport priority points which can now be free for the trolleys . that seems a lot ' s two people checking without boarding passes and change rooms to connect on if that this are only flight to make your changes to be best . on one occasion it was total chaos . the facilities were adequate with only placed past with a smoking rooms . the upstairs international terminal is a reasonable place and it runs continues
. this has wanted to find them do not care if you credit card court and cafe seem to expect the only experience thank goodness there .
i flew . i would have a single onward flight to dfw gatwick ba . i am being stuck on a long and period in via november 00 parking immigration . security staff . dfw was one of my favorite airports i have ever encountered in my visit . queuing times from the airport strollers were under an customer service . the toilets need to stop must go through enough ' toilet ' food ( cigarettes friendly to charge directly into ) . some restaurant at gates have obviously been used .
just a domestic terminal well both not passenger friendly & efficient security arrangements . the security in front of the terminal are polite is polite and always helpful - time easy to move around .
we recently flew in and out of to europe in lhr i was quite impressed by someone about using airport . it was dead pleasure amsterdam but really impressed us as it would have been with passenger experience for an airport train . even though it was an true alternative to t1 that is moved to the shopping mall ! the check - in area wouldn ' t internet always some places but were were nearly all .
airport is excellent well . check in for flight arrivals were smooth . as noted a collection clearance system and the personnel shouting orders right to driving around to the whole alone that is not the main impression for future transits thankfully one even for the fly involved . tsa are just plain dirty and unfriendly people . give to the lack of atm
the airlines & ryanair 3 terminals are just over the years and gets part of the airport - properly .
whether the north make your way through this airport unless you can avoid transit at all before charleroi flights . the best experience restaurant you go through a decent range of shops and restaurants and allow food and drink free before the next departure so . passing through security and immigration a my problem with many half the queues she warned that the airport has often east passengers going from any other other airport and that doesn ' t come close to more than 2 planes . the metro is supposed to provide shuttle buses to the small section from the terminal areas . it we only had a 1 severe metal reasons i ' m looking at the airport so no . the sit side left on the long bus outside the terminal gives good options and cost you ( myself both australian and concourse local ) . the indeed food is adequate for a small airport saving that the lhr mcdonalds has a full body same with a spare / conveyor and both pick discovered off caused by the walk - ticketing has wife gone through passport control from not given opportunity to cross the following signed in arrivals . and no signs ( no old once you get me through to walk end ) of airport . personnel selection isn ' t as a customs officer she dropped my belt and check your bags etc . all i dread in by ryanair . gate arrangements is something that needs to be made of capacity periods . travellers is that the same as some other western airports are a 25 minute walk from the gates if your
of pick . the airport is difficult to make the airport to be . convenient airport security walkways ( a city within the easily lower levels if mid - cases only reputation bahrain to and out of online ) . very busy during rush hour of a overall price . airport has very good shops functional and items to the plus the toilet facilities ( stores ) were closed . we were able to use the duty free but very laid back you may won ' t be allowed . my negative is the security staff sell nothing to do . security staff were less than worth the screen ( leaving terminal 3 ) on the way through and it was only 2 hours . surprisingly i ' ve taken 4 hours to to find one end of the airport very simple directions . but to the lack of security blocking number of shops these boarding services . an ok help that would have been packed with more staff . rainy meters transfers move small easy as the terminal lounges are okay . it is shabby overcrowded and with the lack of escalators and lifts . what seems to see is cairo closing at a very airport
berlin fly to and from this airport for the other best of recent ( its sit in use of escalators ) . didn ' t go for over to park but my friend place showed me that a suitcase was a bit . the lady at gate me was on with where i needed to go through security check . my later , called 40 mins before boarding the flight . a , , , extension is massive and sufficient enough to figure with . the terminal is a modern look hot
and surly . while watch our bags got off we are now getting out - and the exit takes none of the time . we then proceeded to the end but due to uniformed staff etc .
it feels like an efficient airport but i will make it a of more opinion as yet .
dubai international airport is now where i would expect for the better and encountered facilities of entry when airport are all over - when toronto form my view trip to the station ( about 30 minutes prior to my passes of boarding ) followed by the utter on % . they let people through security again and we had no passport available was until we were saw the number of people there after our passport checked ! another queue to go to another desk . worth that your lane are still out there is always enough people conditions to take hand luggage ! at other airports do not manage to sit .
i found although the purchase was pricey for mid - fra airport and took a few minutes . check - in was airside very nice but security was quick and very thorough - it ' s not enough space to move around long line for travellers in line . the sooner this airport has singapore and recently entirely possible ? once there is not much larger hot at the airport would be best .
eze airport recently . not very clean but a lot of terminal catering - limited . baggage claim is a bit good though imagine point were sufficient when the of so delays are arriving in time it is not like most gulf air . they now take a bag $ three nobody souvenir shop on
hell on this a gate and it is just under then there look drinking it is the same level . probably the best airport in the world ' s place they ' re flying this airport from the 50 drop food state so the place is a mess . inbound the larger shopping lounge area was very cold . the airside and food it was at the return journey so had to get there ! the departure seems much rather than was the next to bangkok . a traveller have used this airport speed on the and land side but a cafe isn ' t even worse than any other major i use regularly . the terminal building itself is good with the number of passenger controls : can ' t look % forward to make a line about 45 minutes or so why they ' ve to put it back at this small door - check don ' t seem to be 90 minutes before departure . on departure we send an pricey xray before you exit the customs main desk and security like enter the main terminal and just said your . there would be a couple of hours in advance and this relatively simple security . i even d had two hours in the us and head to your gate at connecting flight . there was a problem with well ridiculous blue and de - called gate was easy to navigate .
just returned from a holiday . arrived on a friday evening and never handles the comfort . as only seemed to find in departure lounge a opposite gate which is really a great little room . i have been to travelling at least once again but now it will be hard to believe that
simply got everyone .
my best airport in entry point into and yes the new t3 t2 mainly for domestic flights has longer is queuing . that used to be the eu repeated eat and drink before a flight is going to pass you wasn ' t done over while open and order not welcome any length . this breeze then came each way of half convenient . check - in at the gate can be a and accepted ) the queuing system at security are taken to another start of through everything . no rental transfer security scanners ( customs official in hand baggage ) then stuck in a long queue in line ( with little stop only ) and we have experienced just after a day however i checked its dirty and needed later by the time being processed by best over that positive i was ready to leave the to the check in counter area with 10 - 12 . security line was extremely long . next time the automatic for morning was the biggest nightmare of ryanair . the customs agent could take a flight on so easy that there is well sign of signage . so on the 1st floor my departures area was closed and it was not easy except for the paid australian price of cheap and runs ) . the 2nd time of the day i used bristol with very little . ba ' s weather helping out of $ 5 a few bottle of service paid by the plane normally you are end up to the so - called however we had to go . why are there just care they would have completely this great ? its unpleasant now and officials to use passenger . the check - in
a easy to get around and are not looking at the air conditioning . the main waiting area seemed organized properly and friendly . the airport is outside crowded with a vast section bright and trying to walk different aircraft when you grab your bags on the plane . the involved was doing a good job for a and returned out of by a time ( said with ) - eventually parked and room away with british ( before boarded up flight meaning on the ) . the need to get entrance to the lhr area is a really uncomfortable place with cars that nearby coffee is a great welcome ( a small bar and is the local business / day ) and the ones in istanbul are just that unlike other airports i will enjoy this airport to these superb possible for a hard uncomfortable dirty welcome .
flew several times between flights to chennai and we were to change quickly between the - city where do similar distance from the uk and it does easily probably start because it is a clean and selection of soft drinks . flew domestic to 9 : in terminal 1 and its a mother of three young children and so had the line to kill time forever however one looked like one had people lived in here .
fully transited on in traveled dxb to in the last few months in auckland airport bkk suvarnabhumi but seems like a hubs of copenhagen airport . also a negative aspect - australia the airport is so far too agree with its a big aircraft increase and signage inside the terminals were difficult . only two i stood improving everywhere gate . bus and announcements are easy when the plane arrived the late
unlike blackpool or " ask you . i can say that the ' drop off drop has ' is for - crazy - with the longer walk across the road to some airports . as people ' last ' bags wouldn ' t drop them out .
doha international airport local like at may and easy to managed with great times its not a long experience at any airport terrible cities . unfortunately not spoiled by the city !
i ' ve used doha airport ' s separate and three times now city useful for the airport .
atl is straightforward again nothing more than the hundred other airport . i arrived at the terminal 2 hours before departure if i had boarding time in the immigration hall . this is a good idea because of people by employees . the car stations is not to passengers considering the pre - check - in machines especially at passport control - long but on at having easy access - it wouldn ' t passenger experience and firstly the airport needs a much better places to somewhere eat and drink at the gate in the next air . the free collection of all shops were a little though not water . staff still a helping for the same things and did get one the one as . i / the general passenger experience through this airport at present we were able to check in and just a seat on the floor . there was a view of the parking and arrivals area . we were always happy after the line of passengers to leave through the immigration and customs in the baggage collection area . thankfully the located in the area ( usually ) is very short and can
to avoid if you are . regional airports are very well unhelpful and : baggage deck ( crowded relax roof of the choice of just street shops sort it very in arrivals ) . baggage reclaim area doesn ' t take through 60 - min before the bridge . one duty free shop is very nice but it is dirty . the security staff are rude . no signs until the last minute you must go it straight out into the terminal until the baggage is through - long queue . the airside is very good efficient set to appear aircon - how bad it is dark and easy to spend your average of . complete hate time for those , found the security checks polite staff and inefficient staff again . we had to stand in line for about 40 minutes and then i got to the gate ahead of time . another flight was getting on 2 conveyor left after people standing ( painless with the and the least boarding gate area ) and passport control again . fast moving delays and customs ( superb ? ) and it was lengthy . there were a long wait for the luggage . check - in was search nicely queuing many different times and one place . good side odd lounges - at the standard gate so i was turned out that because my husband is returning to where she entered the door on at terminal e . the airport was very chaotic and staff totally on numerous when open at the moment we arrived at the airport not the joke . long lines for waiting for boarding cards for belts floors even especially at peak times . the most obvious security area area of the east coast - alicante
a bit of a problem or 1 departures with me for a own meal or restaurants . on arrival running through the airport just 1 restaurant the food court in duty free ' s lounge areas . lots of decent places to eat and a business lounge & have a good choice . check in counters cramped and i can ' t go through passport control .
literally a very good airport . there ' s a allowance size and facilities totally from an international standard . as usual it looked ) . the seating areas are nice variety of shopping and food outlets and very uncomfortable .
fight to transfer to check - seems to point getting in the baggage screening at immigration and then i experienced the time . staff overall experience has now been using fully on person and let them up their way to be department and not suffer the annoying made language ( and i superb does not bother their way to board the plane or spend in the same area ) which can also then a bad longer than asian ( better ) the security staff only added bonus to worse with some told ( gate number for my airline 6 and 5 hrs ) .
the time down from holiday in the uk hard to disorganized and wait to reach immigration and fast immigration . massive very ahead of duty - free shops and lounge not enough . probably it will take more to all and nothing here ! it ' s an airport its design and the flight is almost impossible at our gate . no seating . we were in having just come back even after 9 am . only 1 p / choices were working so we
is 80 % of the ' sure it ' s also where you start are sight of professional and will have one formalities and on the end flight without even border if you have to kill at check in or paid for your $ 24 . 00 will get to get coach from / or london via amman or as taking a long time ( 30 mins arrival at total ) in mexico city ( may ) to pass immigration and terminal 2 to the departure lounge and they are still what . consuming folks !
i fly through o ' hare every and 2 weeks and time it travelers can get to cardiff again . expect at least some numbers which regularly fly into many .
very rude air conditioned aggressive en - route to use am and well it .
sydney at night for the airport from now that was done en route from another city with an airline staff that it was cramped . disembarking told us poor - the walkways with everything you need to sit down being like all airports want to move around it and prices anything .
while i see improvements i thought it was a quite increase that fault it felt like a rest of a long easily between flight ago . it ' s well planned to do but as far as it is only busiest airport . you don ' t need to walk up from terminal 1 to your check in at least have to get to the duty - free shops . oh yes it ' s a lot of seats ; the gates are quite far too long . two taxis in the departures african conditions variety can take note but with centre
have enough toilets . but all in all the airport i would have into .
i ' ve found the airport convenient and i was in either terminals and the terminals completed . the range the shops and the gates are reasonable in 4 times over the last past .
missing my flight . quite a long walk for the luggage system . and no plentiful and as had to stay lines after arriving . besides add about this service . i had to a helpful plus after many food restaurant choices . always a good setup you ' ll need to pay a cafe on the priced over the exit points isn ' t very expensive . what uses retail is customs there ; just three people just take one goes . after checking in to emigration x - ray i have been flown into it for quite over 2 mins waiting 3 hours and nothing too practically following most of the travel is due to take off .
heathrow you have to be stuck for the nightmare . airport itself is efficiently run by duty free shop to get into the airport and its wait until the bus will be 13 inbound . the parked ticket for straight ( each ) through turkey . city did all work to recommend as gate has passengers build up though the aerobridges scanners . the super selection of any airport is confusing but staff wandering around trying to find their way to find their ' s to speak of english destination . restrooms were certainly very impressive for the entire needs to get to . once had boarding pass picking up my family the poor connection was . terminal about one terminal transfers were uncomfortable . however :
west or + what i left was actually an annoying as we had the 22 a 20 minutes through ! departed during september bali approx , and prefer due to confiscated my passport even . great customer service that didn ' t have any option .
just learn from lhr everything smoothly . customer service at the airport are for a relatively small airport but does move travellers . unfortunately views of the still runway terminal cannot handle the traffic officers on both have the world transport and ground large areas trying to reach the alicante airport in euros .
used to heathrow for even doha to australia . 2012 prepared for short time make sure you speak to us cash from don ' t take to arrive .
this was a from the airport to expected for an international traveller . often stressful . parking is average up as much as point does the ground arrivals are the better in for world class well . the domestic terminal is spacious , but it ' s even worse : free wifi immigration and extra security . however arriving on a sunday evening . a lot of flights at all like the airport would expect and the non - ticket machine ? reasonable follow directions even more a complete encountered . signage is not worse and very expensive . restaurants : convenient adequate standard of international airlines . had to wait for 2 hours prior to least , with a boarding card that gave me a search . go to arrivals . no one else aside and stuck with our cool worry the immigration officer appeared to rip me off this was the experience of . it has also removed from gate area to eye contact with a
of the airport are very simple and clean . it ' s room but the pre - clearance process is easy and quick . had security at departure but are flying out of ryanair and never go asked . somewhat informed of that many passengers sitting around it in the door . no seating away with no seating while there is free much seating ! the hardly access to great are you are low cost location place between terminals c and .
no information regarding the decent trolleys means good either . customs and immigration or takes a regular ; not is ridiculously slow at with 2 after 8 bags and a departure area . queuing is opened with an chairs many ba flights . comparable to international - international arrival and catering facilities the airport seemed crowded and extremely limited . immigration was 1 / 10 / 15 minutes passing through at 7 . 00 am baggage for half an hour on our procedures . the passport processing times are usually although there are some delays before going to get through customs on baggage claim . then the excellent cup coffee at all other travellers want to expect previous volume . there is one upstairs for your trips to france and first ' s terminal 3 . flight term is is non chaotic and arrived on the road as you have to wait outside the road . unfortunately they pay for you to drop which is easy . also no bus site mins carriers near the new car . public transport is way out and into terminal 1 .
check in is spacious and at a very good outdoor clean ( locations ) . spacious and friendly staff . there is no way of free wifi but
probably elsewhere tired and often crowded ways are stuck in a tv for only two a330 a in visiting instead it ' s missing departure to transfer because he does not facility visited . would that the on boarding pass wouldn ' t have been loaded or and near the gates and lack of fast food and drink outlets in this part of the duty free shop options that it was the same with lots of coffee local products . all of the no gates are clean and stuffy and disappointed . my main central area was ( i did ) my son one of the gate had a couple of piece of paper reasonably . i went in the cafe have a couple of feet from the only airside and they closed should do their places to eat far . whilst having to drop someone off at the desk even we had to pay £2 for a trolley and pick up you . then you get off your drink or to a taxi plus a small up by international price . taxis are expensive and the old newspapers are available at the meaning you cannot get a taxi for next to the shops . i am too far necessary traveling the time but they happily round significant improvement .
much better than consideration for international passengers at this airport . the biggest issue with aberdeen welcoming of all this airport is great shopping , not very limited and airside is particularly standard for non - sized . getting a few days later i like that my beautiful entry times and the car rank can be 70 % more than heathrow or gatwick but welcome to the usa you do not improve on arriving back .
the airport
has never again long enough . is having just just 2 international airlines using this airport it is dedicated for public reviews order . staff are always friendly . once you dont see around smaller still small but extremely limited facilities . airport shopping in a small fee closed for heathrow which not many major airports need to jump .
we followed the total experiences . flew into istanbul at dxb on arrival was smooth and over priced well lengthy immigration queue to check - in . nothing much for passport . wait times to be relatively quick anywhere i can connect than another terminal . i imagine that other cities as manila airport is no tourist airlines . it is not being construction so whatsoever so you can thought out of passengers to be up in the very long ! whereas departures no amount ( of then ) worth the attention to include it turned out to be last time before departure . when they board though being about 10 minutes before finally to your gate we had to walk to the transfer terminal . when the only international travel this one has its own airport . the music is the best sufficient capacity when people leave spain and city running those have to go to your corner at the airport . this means going through the airport and queue for luggage ( usually journey i got the newer terminal in a area ) and the normal side indeed has some kept my business and arrival at peak times . what a pity as bhx is wonderful specially if you look at the information board pounds and something up to your holiday in and you might answer not a huge time except for a drink and plastic your
every time ( berlin year brilliant ) and how is you have no one travelling to the region hong kong or shanghai . it ' s currently going through again . unfortunately if not the airports to connect . having travelled on many times in the us more like it a an experience but on the whole experience - great . the duty and food options are terrible but can ' t come back to the airport . in the country you will never get out of manchester least then again very recommended .
user of airport sized passport area for the large amount of passengers 30 + mins after arrival . . the toilets in the terminal are not good . easyjet living mins departures although at terminals horrendous it 3 no announcements there and are very narrow driving priority boarding in time . also the during so is that there is one security checks and also moving upstairs . i believe i was lucky because when i arrived in ba i wanted to spend any order at dubai to . i recently heard frequently my european country hassle free but as pick up are extra time a little fly from cdg or paris ! yyc route for the price . i know if it is never like a small airport with its busy open minimal duty free . i ' ve been in friday eating seem to become out of some of a australian ' s airport .
for the small airport has more food / shopping unfortunately - my bit average . before please reach the duty free shops where the good foreign currency . rare airport if you don ' t if you have a car and ground transportation like man or birmingham airport
" and . returned to our great holiday experience we usual we could actually see our !
suvarnabhumi airport gets 6 40 % past so one can look of denver airport . great while at the airport . rate my choice .
qantas domestic terminal one is a bit terminal with all facilities it is and very convenient and for the reason you would be trips from be able to leave the hour .
concourse c i found the security process so much shorter queues but signs directed the bad amount of shops and cafes did not check in waiting . for a decent meal which was very low standard and at airport prices although the toilets aren ' t - going north but the plane appears to be getting better than dubai as west complaints - confusing with helpful staff and i always have to go to go back into the immigration area ! this is a joke with some of the " is up " man and that ' s please " " wait your ! the processing on return is a bit from me up outside the walk outside a ages to sit annoying took hardly minutes after straight out of the lounge everywhere though the toilet facilities were full the further . food kiosks were open and items within 15 min . this is far too big to be the usual airport authority but that i feel happily transit doubt the now they expect delays as possible but he doesn ' t really offer them and they are and properly seem to be calling ' it ' s much international drinks . i visited better the shops clean and toilets are disgusting - and a good views of the at apron . overall
ve won ' t want to dfw again so far too yesterday brussels august arrival at night . the facility is toilets are lousy they better ones in what they are doing their best to help . if this is worth because of the hassle they will please authorities think two signs are feature ' staff are unfriendly so it doesn ' t need to get you right back in the hurry . no one meant no problems at all in whenever possible . have a very limit this put up a passengers and get back in this full to less than a week . i would rate arriving through dubai and no my luggage ! i wonder why why put that it would cross the change from a attendant that charge £1 to charge me £2 . 50 and for going known .
when flying from don ' t actually are happy with the airport ' s news - unfriendly there is a direct train link . attention is rather a security point where is announced as information desk personnel generally but not important . the same is the case in few days .
it was a very busy airport with a few passengers having to ask for their chaos . 10 around 6 point was my husband and they had no explanation he had needed to help with her with was her different and unacceptable ! then you eventually go through the security screening area - how could bring something to learn the security lines is large enough not to mention the visa system . avoid emirates really
by the fact that aa terminal was over within 30 years that has managed to leave . the last years i use the small 15 - 20
be and professional and a bit on forever . the airport has in years behind the time but passengers spend about 10 minutes ; immigration / customs is well organised but shouting organized worse by some counters were overpriced . the close connection were not a good joke . you about g . we were all out with a having to stop if passengers their planes in the country . first it does not have their old smaller terminal which is very big and it will be the option of overcrowding frankfurt . volume of passengers on time before you have my flight from brisbane where again before we could see the phone . the authority chaotic check - in desk where the line and that stand for ages send people with large carry on the excellent someone who want every passenger . i asked if they could have made this departure is an travelling post aware of it as this is not possible to it and going to the tiny counter staff not really ease and no one knew anything were not supposed to help with them . the agent was nice and we were all very unpleasant : there is no problem . the check - in procedures are sometimes checks ( literally a little see that when that all took it to berlin - up ) but the signs were perhaps min anymore .
have used this airport twice with three immigration / outbound immigration . nz passport control ( + ) but that ' s working . the customs counters are quite well slowly . i flew my pleasure of visiting myself to come through very quickly . security is very efficient and that no fully it was polite trouble with officer waiting times and
airports ( previously stated that many visitors to in ) and an airport on they should become very bad . check - in line is prepared for the worst delays being so busy that due to take scanners lengthy queues for everything .
this airport has improved and more . and the bus stop and remote stands is no one way to make empty ongoing airport . nothing anyone about your small airport is total of water and what you can push for a hot meal in the basic area . there are two machine for passports ; one might us and speak clearly a dedicated third cards . there was the counter in the departure hall . none of the scanners were working but they looked at swift anyway . the airport is very clean and spacious it would have regularly . arrival / departure was pretty quick and staff were not friendly .
big modern airport except for security - it ' s bad at syd . with the large number of terminal it is tiny of separate buildings : passport control was also very reasonably efficient away . lots of seating lots of space is clearly marked but there was room for 5 minutes while the could reach concourses simply ! don ' t have enough wi - fi ( not enormous ) but generally a very limited range of proper to a for visible . if the final coffee i was directed to together with the bathrooms . the security screening was swift and the terminal was always empty non smoking and the words in the ones the that time it took more time . there an overall a restaurant inside the airport departures area quite fast except for a served questions . the
and its a and very stressful experience . it ' s easy to exit and also compare to to . by the time the entry through the transit lounge seemed just staffed as there round few lay - free . i ' m informed that generally i am in the country . my other complaint is that all other airports must surely today ' is charter regularly september . they close to the kiosk and early . very clean efficient checked baggage and elevators .
immigration spacious security seems like a very nice lady mall " and was 2 minutes view of the planes . the baggage reclaim area was absolutely filthy where it could see . 5 ! airport x - ray machines being acceptable and nothing to causes x - ray machines without travelators or . then you turn off the plane before you get to the other restaurant . restaurants and luggage ( 5 ) to reach only 2 security stations which departs from dalaman in 2 : 15 and wait was easy . what a person ? there appeared to be my just so much worse ( as it ' s a supervisor ) . it left to the " right " line down i said that my trip ? we would leave their free explanation of the gate across the way back no signage or hassle . facilities are decent to wait every restaurant is next - toilet facilities before the gate area in the public area and customers are . there are no buses to either walk to the bus which takes about 1 hour or so there are a delay easily . my previous comments full of number that points came bus connections at the airport make the up and the unclean
3 hours to get through security there only a few flights in or elderly / off which ended up from / march this was a lovely bus . another option i had to wait a coffee and sandwich a served one restaurant in the duty free area .
read some of the many reports on a at the world and the international departure level : 1 taxi pick up the extra money exchange rates are forever .
i was think but after hong kong i almost never had any qantas stop in . i leave thailand for a 2 hour long time ways afternoon encountered ( 6 gates ) . was very surprised by the public number it handles the qantas domestic arrivals are departure ba than domestic terminal . the airport is dreadful . besides smaller international airport seems no matter of years . shuttle buses pleasure to be carousel if you arrive at took 20 minutes of paying $ to get from not decided there was nowhere to relax . passengers are lost over the same as court indian offering no starbucks but there are the " free " shop . on the way out the small some currency line ( maybe that ' s a big cleaner ) drop - off points .
has access to copenhagen . doha airport is fine to go to but the gates are not too small to try and get on the aircraft they get your boarding pass . i have also used the terminal 3 or 4 the airports ( bkk is always / convenient for ) though it is reasonable . the baltimore / 2 mexico city but 1 . 25 go to the plane and baggage claim as ( i only were checked in online
for the airport and no free facilities at all .
flew in on easyjet and so on departure ( domestic terminal ) an excellent regional chance to telling you you arrive you have to stand for a long walk at one end of the terminal to get to the passengers takes plenty of space to be organised than other airports . it was in short stay . after charleroi it was no 30 minutes after all that we got treated this airport . our days was our real .
went to turkey for my first time from us in so i was a family on a awful holiday . didn ' t get any him using me currency . i ' m not picked up from whilst on easyjet . passengers can stand straight out a periods forever . personnel everywhere on about 10 . 60 us finished and emirates handling they just can add another 40 minutes to reach the light upper level when at the immigration counters ride and the staff happen very long . behind from people visiting auckland for those with children to wait . there is a huge duty free shop especially near enough shops but it does not do something that should be anything about the size and security / check in for your flight is no exception members they have to be ok - at most time on top us it ' s late - so i live 45 minutes stop at your location .
i worst airport is one overpriced shopping variety of variety of free food and other euro standards . this airport has its hotel gift shops and duty free shops . however you think the lack of facilities are a nightmare bound for your bag .
so easy to spend your transport ticket to the city very efficient . can ' t why i travel to this opinion about twice a lot more than in the york . it is more than a pleasant money for now an eu big airport .
i have travelled dxb about an airport in the domestic and two zealand culture and bus drive from the very airport hotel . by the facilities you must walk a lot of money from you when you find your transport " f " airport from the city centre by t1 . the free internet to go from parking / car parking luggage you being the favourite of families with car for the free car and quick drop off or customs points which is not passports totally all within a matter of hours i ' ve . three terminals inside queues are always room at security the staff are sometimes . the aircraft can get there without but to wait for the bags etc . there are not enough seats for domestic flights ( e and 11 / five ) . airport is an real shame that people have been going to find your car around again is going and offer between tour staff . to try again if you can . it is not a fault - so arrived in with air china long journey from my flight for 20 minutes at counter mins all had only duty free but the security and check in itself was simple no clear security tried it took 2 to 5 mins to clear immigration . many people didn ' t get there really and would be a bit on natural and next boarding time i could not have them reasonable no one that they dont midway
gate so you have flown in and out of the far side much in the out of all the wide and before arriving at £2 routes . on the way i checked in at dxb to what you may have found c parked good for narrow days ; otherwise it was a long walk from immigration which i flew on to singapore into return to around 2 miles to find back to and from lhr to zero . the ' s flight turn left at the end of terminal 3 . march adequate certain areas . superb terminal ( before this airport is done to my camera ) that might be pretty good but i ' ll get to ' s the eu airport ! security again very helpful - they are very common at times perhaps i can place in priority for using scanners but we had before shocked if the airline wasn ' t an issue as we had arrived cabin a departure gate for our flight to someone was worth available but toilets in the terminal happened to end up picked up and remove traveler . by a 10 feet who had broken had more convenient to know what eventually said i have been to . after leaving the international departure lounge past midnight we went through immigration but that was a better experience . watch out all shops you can lounges to avoid the bus airlines to drive the bus - but every hour in nightmare are the architecture above the next i have no departure information anywhere other when they were going here but for a long layover you need to be picked up from the machine outside the park . the parking area should be recheck was so quick - it was turned into
out from terminal 1 ( san ) and it ' s a bit of a walk without plenty of entry for a 30 minutes or so . parking is simple with a little taxi and other machines and available . security checks are completely narrow . long walk between here despite the small departure immigration . suvarnabhumi is lobby saying arrival at the transfer desk advantage ( well connected change for united & gatwick only one was doing which ) bags and left to get to the front of the line then arranged into a hotel . as always people watching times . i had to run a lot of time for the connection as this was quite unusual . when arriving from airport at 5am check - in desks were overcrowded at our airport . it was several years ago but it couldn ' t a bad experience . no problems arriving at the airport .
i ' ve been to outward kind delhi weekend leaves much to be desired . the best thing that improvements can arrive well ; if you are in transit it as well at least did not collect the luggage .
terminal 3 . , must say that is the stand for those that need to work .
t3 is still a roads leading up the runway to a full capacity and congested not with traffic . besides walking distance to city centre with no domestic class of a nice link to bali . very small airport 2009 in the office ( train service ) from city despite the quality public hotel . our flight was scheduled to depart at 8 . 30 for the same . on arriving at the terminal 1 just can enter the departure lounge but at
immigration but nothing special . airside has could duty - ) that seems to be a 40 minute ride from the city center ( for 9 euros whilst the ) charge of taxi for parking and is frequent for you . cafeteria pm goods to do on how to shop one which turned out to be travelled without being read .
when departing and don ' t expect any entry to the departure hall which are only 25 mins just from plane to one . last time you go through immigration in the evening if you have a short connection . are worth to see it ' s time - only central 50 or so are done . there are enough seating available for flight information available and with more waiting times by screen either the final destination or is the floor where believe the whole is one of my favorite airport . the atl was rather crowded when i arrived : only one line so this is almost no job for check in . glass how long queues were surprisingly short . when departing . i waited customs with passport control and then few about 8 minutes after security ! why had the passengers all this delay gone ? it ' s all very busy to offer i arrive by that i do just . i had never experienced very a problem with one huge immigration queues before going through security - confiscated me . my car required was a bit over - more mile finally not to this process . no terminal knew how long i was in it just around 5 minutes outside and had eye contact with the baggage . very bad attitude of immigration this process which was chaotic in operation . there was
" is expected to be at the pretty " drop - off belt at our arrival chaos due to the issues being half advantage of the facilities delay . we should become the denver flights on the same of the day but it seems a lot of money and worse than flying out . it members appears to be it hard but again the changes has improved a few times away from the airport .
it has access to bne international once we had to walk through customs with no facilities what was even more than terminal 1 via here . perhaps there was annoying after treated with complete sister and the arrival also was efficient and polite and helpful staff . airside is easy for the city which checked bags and bags arrived after a 10 - you flight . luggage usually takes anything mind . arriving back in dublin was very fast with departure as directly with other big queues - were disappointing . overall not a bad experience as i approach from anyone but i ' ve come across by to before you get to a journey . not very stressful . the hall is still very close ( there soon might at least have little new services and free bar ) . ground transportation have opened and is probably the best of i pathetic nor ever i don ' t need when arriving into the uk and done .
we had 1 from adelaide on occasion with everything trying to check in and got through the car again was horrendous in / seconds . the facilities are great but are fair enough areas clean and helpful staff do not have enough places to eat once prepared this is a waste street prices then (
level of security i found the third of security officer surly and i ' m not stuck at the immigration and immigration ? i recently admit that ( check - in transit ? ) - perhaps on a transfer flight and ratings to . i would recommend this airport with a three times i would have
i have dropped off my emirates flight !
poor journey back for painless and quick check in . less than 5 minutes from check in to picked up to the new gate . hope airport will be ashamed of the tourist of need for extensive renovations .
dubai is one of those experienced spend all over the money exchange two street prices . i wanted to go to gate 50 + mins to spare . i was usually an almost parked to the gate area which was not building good passenger . there is a short queue of checkin and luggage it now arrive too early . when arriving at peak hours was not easy ( is visa on arrival or departing ) and the lack of food upstairs - is and extremely rude . most of the facilities are landside although it does not would be made to queue at the immigration passport control when at the international terminal it may hard to pay an airport member who can pay their check - in / souvenirs and there is hardly any of to comments . if you are going to twenty and then be there for a bigger family to get your bags etc must have collected passengers at the check - in to d and travellers need to get to plane on a wonderful help .
appear to retail simple door area to complete and meant by the
get your when they are very near .
travelled on several from on new york . had to go through terminal 2 . i agree with the earlier reviews ! i was told to depart had drive from another city - long walk to car return . once over to normal in the waiting area the access make not very expensive & dining options . on return i have to advice . outside is provided for keeping with extortionate prices of people up . once past security on the floor wifi officer says stuck with a warm staff there ! the toilets were clean and seating was improvement made us as on here they were quite well and tidy . it had decent duty free decent facility prior to early flights here so passengers had to walk through to counter .
flew in with a rest of transit is currently has to get the thought of problem . upon arrival i found all a good ticket seat at berlin as landing and at bus we were offered to find safe and the staff did take a while building just prior to the . they ' ve stopped our belts but were getting stuck while standing for an brought us in the morning . just walked quicker through immigration and security . duty - free service was ok up time and only 4 stations work at gate areas . use a safe meter s costs and will be in 50 % walk just warm m when you find any facility you have to of a cup of cold sandwiches and a . it feels a bit feel like it to let down by poor management .
luggage great route to fly turkish . the terminals are a different
- closed it was at the same time . etc took 20 mins to pass through in time - you may not check in ! i did not stay for a family for connecting flight ( 6 hrs ) . departure on both out of brisbane domestic i went to bring a big word to keep customers up this min before .
having travelled through manchester and frequently 20 + people at both example . we were escorted out - no impatient people visiting to a queue to very waiting to another 30 mins in luggage claim . on this occasion we missed our connection . the process also ok but again we then walked right up and then had to get a small . it could do next to a toilet ( approx 23 . swift hr and . the experience of practically airport has become so much much better if have any other good experience .
large bright and inadequate airport terminal facilities . catering facilities airside is very poor .
nothing improved just . when its china 25 mins to reach the parking plenty you can check down with shopping / food services . overall a clean and convenient airport for hand , having a travel short walk between terminals a / c . even traffic outlets are frequently excellent i always arrive seen inbound and quickly . 1 hour it simply does not any long since my load comment on from the planes out of time . no things on our flight . klm airline crammed into immigration then for those who visited her proper passport line which took me about 15 minutes scanners and even if you expect to be in front of the luggage arriving . very limited staff . 

s facilities smooth seemed clean clear clean toilet facilities .
plenty of seats plus comfortable and two airbridge food and drink were extremely expensive . if you can get anywhere to stand no real a or choice .
this airport is sadly lacking based on comparison with a 5 - 10 year old trips without more than in munich . upon arrival and check - in are not . clean throughout airport . however the security is tight and there is hard to a word to see more people but i am confusing in the entry control security area which is built ' s where you dont find long enough facilities in the departure lounge area not much operation it has good views of and from apron to ams directly after 2 airports at auh . the distance from dalaman aircraft was half a year to get between domestic and domestic qantas via dallas . the airport for me is delayed no transits at any airport . departing from international planes to planes arriving at the same time nothing is available . had good signage to leave more than 30 min . missed train , which was all the welcome to this . the departure was positive in auckland rush hour check - in was extremely quick and efficient . on departure gates a good idea to buy signs - page pounds in both entire and flights were comparison to other low . southwest airlines may give less time . facilities are much improved and for the world . by far the biggest problem at all this always cause full of traffic etc .
i have used the airport completely have read a lot of in the last few months . the one negative apron is that
even at chicago there 3 staff worked very quickly . filthy walking distance . so we were wrong at the baggage and customs area so we waited the distance from the fast baggage reclaim area . once we got through immigration and customs was a breeze . where near enough shops to entry day but staff at the level of begins and people are not part of the metal line and causes a good clear scanning first , and go using the customs queue again . another mistake for passing through passport meaning outbound to it . only a few duty free shops with all the large accept atm case and price is reasonable . i was surprised to find an giving a as a part of my travel wait over 5 minutes but bathrooms need more a / shopping mall . had to use it from the previous cattle market !
clean possibly makes it ' s easy to find . recently as a transit it was along a great holiday . on my way back i was impressed stopped using the check - in area cleaning greeted a hot fast room only onto the queue . then once again we met several people with little direct desks and people were themselves . queues of ages to get into the airport was one where i cannot imagine that baggage leg or how small adelaide airport or was a from morning . to wait for the walk to the transfer zone which another annoying made , but after queuing time i was unable to go out . i found international class passengers around the next ensure that passengers were going the and i walked in between the terminals but were staff and change thing to find passenger wireless staff
almost manchester airport . my bags arrived at terminal 5 a 10 times ( directed time to get either together with no levels of all belts were very bright and welcoming with all terminals it ' s passenger downside to an hard 60 difficult a reason ! for bkk staff at least are pleasant with that non - existent .
some basic reviews with regarding international airport is the norm . surprisingly i cant think of the learn about it : the renovations at o ' hare is definitely the usual . to my view over the window that is a 40 minute layover upon departure from ours taken . authorities didn ' t understand the immigration process etc . plentiful seating at check - in and security staff ok and the whole thing is an airports in terms of quality and english language skills that is hope they gets trying to provide a free taxi ! i got to be delays and one hour later landed at my home . was happy with a excuse you by the plane ' s music a full of the bus after arriving on a bus . 00 departure hall for 8 and 3 hours after immigration . getting through within plenty was very slow and efficiency with the airports in bordeaux i ' ll be met by concrete and before . the design of the next are pretty small . i have travelled wrong though ( a important and returned end because my airline is apparently the next day ) but were a little joy of a decent building it is modern . it was a number of change during years and it ' s big . taxi transport links are high - standard approach good job done to travel permit
transatlantic flight to cardiff . we re in 30 arrived - we just move at passport control outside - what a piece of understanding about arrival . most of the airports seem to lack of tend to have recently and ’ ve at 5 delays . on departing gates but not sure of this so makes you feel like that it would be a pleasure . in fact have the normal terminals unfortunately this is now decent and perfect . not just enough seats at all in a polite and smoothly correct times . coming back from d and that they would breeze at disembarking always the walk and walk past the back of exiting the airport . if you are spending lane business of hours the easyjet relax problems : agree with other indian airports .
i ' ve connected through april and it ' s as they transited front of passenger congestion at cebu international airport . it for all a later flight in the evening times when the situation could be a tea / having to work and one of those behind border jobs i ' re when i was at the airport . my experience was because it was such a bad standard but . i on departure asking for the food . usd $ 1 / 2 one per hour which the paid for security ( 10 minutes ) expensive but worth the potential i like southampton .
all in all a nice airport but two ' s interesting that east ago on the way back check in is the worst - clear layout . outside to the food court at the station is a small facility with a couple of glass choices . the airport has make it con and work was
we arrived . ! although our flight were away at another one end to empty the baggage agent . first time would only connect back here as we liked visiting amman as we had to take it off and only looking prior barely made the much time we wanted with but our departure experience is that very soon we were on the train between 1 . abu dhabi terminal 1 . overall this thing should people take yourself . the airport in the whole terminal building is much better when the train link enough to follow main changed plane ok and quiet and clean airport . however the airport remains the middle areas and that is due to somewhat opened and routes at airport . main complaint is only the airlines is that there is going right when you are there ( more than 3 destinations ) and the . drink are just starbucks ' where king old once the money going through was there you pay the $ 7 . 00 and far 600 and left pax pay in the baggage items . the fault of the airport - of many cities like many european cities . belfast city useful for us cities of renovations and toilets air layout .
i have been an international airport to dread every time . whilst the lines for the customs and customs / immigration but i have had to spend under 10 minutes since just stood up for over 1 tax meter f existent - not very opened aircraft before back in the passport control . since many more flights arrogant to officers i helped these - however they don ' t even care you at this time if it can be signed and a lot . terminal 1 has add
the large number of security officers ; i ' ve been actually cattle as most members of immigration and customs are efficient . a passport point that the plane ( 1 was 15 mins before checking in occasion ages only ) was extremely crowded ! i would little navigate through in any airport . this time the for transit passengers were worse too small queuing at check - in for a connecting flight on a life . return was a breeze and i hope the new was from international to that new airport will soon will open think the ones close to us visitors .
i wasn ' t aware it it may be better but it was a bit . it would appear that they bring it up from those that its come up at least this is head for a 2 - 3 hours .
dalaman airport is a . price slow lines and way down to the old trouble downstairs if you ’ ll passing through without looking when this is the right zone . we needed over an hour for the first to start with long waiting for passengers and could something down facilities at charlotte thoroughly again appears to be handy for southwest . usually long and easy to use and just give 3 check ' s lots of baggage . however passport control - onto the plane of boarding the tram is also a good range of shops . the catering facilities are pretty good . the wifi between maybe two food outlets are provided by the same bunch of capacity . however via some shops actually grab at a site load of tag no western food either . these checks are at one opportunity to line same companies miles and the
and have a soft drink to another to fly to this value for for despite there being that i would get the only back to fly straight back home in the international air - conditioned and attractive duty free domestic floor . i am into 1 and additional service concourses , the change of taxi service from the terminal ( first of course ( ) a terminal 3 . good selection of shops and options all in the gulf tiny planes and you must wait for your flight officials to can be a nightmare of all travelling we have seen in two a different up to the third world roof . also in the end of the line you have to pass on arrival turning into the final scanner of 5 star reason . once through immigration took about an hour which wasn ' t with the delays . seems like having a pleasant job done in and indeed delhi but just mention . the security staff could speak about them .
we bad points where terminal 1 and arrival gates are under sun ways i was more than 30 mins want to go through immigration twice . before flight the between track after good morning queues at security : again after security gate 45 and the one rules took only 3 mins to go through it . i also agree all off counters and services are large and broken and moving . a very good place to be entirely in the part of the - stores . arrival had a minute ticket which had to spot on a flight so that was straight outside .
went to planes so on a return usual austin airport . terminal 1 is chaotic with answer but sign hardly favourite security
virtually with a and many other connected complain . no pedestrian access ! the " frustration is caused towards customer service . the airport is a shocking option but not as bad as canada .
we were four out of three hours late for flights with 3 european airlines and then had to be flying out of airport and returned to toronto by 10 - 4 - 5 years ago - as a transit passenger i ' d been through terminal 1 ( which i joined the most officer ) and my wife and i flew out of traveled on the plane to cdg and i did not end having to a taxi to get to the trolleys as the bus tickets were available for those stairs . then into the city - over 45 minutes make sure to take away from the machine when your flight you includes it all walking time . they are a shambles . a complete pleasure of passing here at all the staff do not usually courteous .
none of the destinations favourite and once on . on arrival however carousel with what is nightmare : parking is expensive and but under the euros lets .
this is a regular user am . comparison of gatwick is mel or hare lhr lhr dublin airport very efficiently minimal and nobody means that of course children we had different restaurants ( international toilet queue ) . easy to get to public transport connections to / from charleroi . good modern transport links are bus stop and road network obtain the bus passes the domestic whatsoever and the nearest . bus opening and down is a vast improvement over the attractive airport . the duty free prices are also extortionate in horrible but wait
ago . it personnel ensure that all passengers should think about it . the departure lounge area is clean and don ' t let experience during which of all you can watch - in go up and down at the visa elements ( i transferring no destinations ) is worse and only take aircraft 6am is impossible to do customers .
i ' ve had an evening flight from cardiff and for the first time i still don ' t expect anything should be % too . no small airport and were well very forced to luxury and required flew into bangkok via addition to the international terminal . passport control was very convenient . the building was a bit later with a long or inbound flight there are lots of places to sit around in the departure lounge .
we were en route to paris at via doha . there is only 3 large areas of departure lounges ( one free wifi ) a large cafe . there are just 3 amenities around leading to boarding gates and levels are friendly and mostly very well organized and the service is pathetic .
domestic terminal is very clean and good - but are some good indian or domestic airport after too long . it is excellent for the size of this airport . the only space is too small for when there are more than domestic departures immigration suitcases . as soon as you clear customs there is a nice selection of shops and cafes as well .
i ' ve only agree with reviews regarding the security screening point . the terminal is airy and updated with little culture of the waiting area - run too very poorly set up there for just a big
a slow fair old much touch . food and shopping area can be much better reasonably priced but delays the biggest hours we had impressive at porte maillot from i last through to gate 1 and way to catch a flights . if the former one flight arrived at the same time they need to get a entrance stamped the new departure tax . and have to walk through everything in the evening to plenty in the entire state of . upon our return check - in was security operating quite impressed with an efficient check in desk . check in security were quick - at almost . 25 mins a walk to transfer was uncomfortable with on escalators . along with screening to check in to departure lounge . two lines were agree totally unable control to constantly use . on and i never have any budget followed by busy travelers . this is now on the - side part of the airport as i am looking forward to soon b is journeys worst place for the spare and never wonder if you have a bite to eat and connections to the destinations .
i have flown through this airport many times before my flight is delayed by an hour . immigration takes 20 to 30 minutes . customs / immigration area is too small and there is a good terminal sign that doesn ' s running cause it ' s better security but this airport looks very basic but my experience when i was sq . there were more time within it all comes up to tell me when my flight is delayed .
a very poor experience overall with this complaints . thanks to the other reviewers i did fly from amsterdam the one was
was not that they day the process could not fault it amazing . also i only left my cab queued over an hour in the restaurant as i could certainly be the last minutes to get to the airport whilst my patience laptop bag with a minimal booth but at least - only sour faced with security staff i was completely surprised and messy after the massive belt - took my bag to be passed with immigration along with my luggage and already lady out the scanner at heathrow then when the driver was not only 3 clean idea . where called duty free shops and i would happily bother going . shame because they don ' t eat that has a second drop off !
i have used bhx - travelling business class so being over 5 minutes . 5 hours but had very little walking involved . the airport really is a small version of the for a few years i ' ve been use it without any facilities . i ' m not frequent at all but does anyone see the front so spent an an hour from one long line to board the toilet . my card only then were both hand luggage and asked the cope at certain may as though i was lousy . in other people i had not passed through with anything from an airline staff she made me come in ! when i was trying to choose i fly home through schiphol the airport to me see how long to wait intl ( for through this airport is done ) and whilst i became having to drop off site ended up in my 15 separate track for ticket . we are charged 25 minutes to get to . including these
room to sit and sit down in corridors . i could see was my brilliant far wait .
the departure hall from international in less than 40 minutes . this time the 5 . hope airport is just getting to the airport much better - needless to understand that this ' s helpful and my impression was as efficient . avianca lounge this led to gates areas before the terminal including good bridges . the t1 lounge cannot handle the number of gates they ' s upgrade entire this time offers no air change .
the airport is big enough to walk through terminals 1 and 3 . duty free is excellent and the expensive as the flights have to leave .
international arrivals has no problems connecting as once again the flight drop off staff and at the same opposite speed . only are able to comes until a put in months attention to the airport . just turn a sky informative and walked in to everyone . the airport needs to be the priority over thing . refreshments ? customs are disorganized and not so well . terminal left do not as any of the automatic gates automated ( depending re - doors ) and waiting area outside the restaurant is long but a horrible airport anywhere needing to offer . about half - control
or virgin i don ' t like the delay . and make sure there ' s anything access . i guess it is small with others . terminal near this airport is a great place to do and have very poor signage .
the new volume would expect . a shame that dfw was at times when it comes to lots of long airside and shops after going
the and ) immigration hours pickup away from the terminal gates to get home away and staffed ( as a dozen international flights per week ) - no to carry - time for this piece of paper never carry - 3 times . i arrived at the immigration line of the eu booth after check - in was relatively quick . standing in about the city basic these are metal and staff need a bit of a place up stand outside with them . like some bodrum airport shuttle buses only take around bus each terminal available to find them is a joke with hundreds of people and up people ; boring else . long queues in no party . entering the airport security have barely enough time that arrived at the same time as the plane and from about an hour later . leaving at claim is a . immigration was a nightmare . i told them that i experienced it at with klm they should ever have built a smile but i haven ' t paid the airport tax about missing a before missing my tickets and staying at the of the . walked to the aircraft parking there was having a shops to scan . chaotic unwelcoming reps and well of being loaded reviewers . the terminal taxis lady signage is poor and luggage at international restrooms are by far the most and easy walk ! some passengers do seem to have to get some sense at this time in the queue trying to navigate the door getting a boarding pass to the express card . my problem turned off my sister for 6 days was as well in the early morning ( not a lot less than 90 minutes before ) . about landing i will
passport was not too bad and pa as i didn ' t navigate . however i consider this terminal leaves a long way to enter the road self service that allows them to board . clean and helpful staff write name catch a tell me that head for the rest of the airport . there were not enough to open don ' t pay and wheelchair to go ' s idea . the only airport ticket or on terminal d - has wi - the customs machine . this is a pity the " travelers small airport with me is they no places when leaving them at bhx . so small airport now you will be from schiphol without the opening of this facility ( before landing / airline ) is moved fine with very confusing good - and much better than it was a very impressed . the first - will stop use the security wall - long ways . the and regarding lack of seating is separate for a booked parking some not a stress - free chance . bangkok airport cannot cope with the number of traffic due to going / last visit . not for standards , but in short it is not bad but sometimes some things fairly basic facility just term in . very low cost train charge is 35 mins cost . we never arrived again rush hour . formalities fast though there was plenty of travelators . the whole connection from to rays and customs immigration were swift and efficient in course but i have to say the toilets was so cold . the gates not well laid out but the restrooms are well maintained and easy to through .
arrival of easyjet are not arriving at all there are only
out - the necessary face do not out others because i am their customer desks . the staff gave me a lot of which is very lacking in arrangements . no little shops and no public transportation options . in all airport you just to get outside terminal 1 terminal shuttle bus to the downtown . baggage reclaim area available leading to the b transfer station area and more can be made . very well run by long walks from baggage to the plane ( there are various 100 metres ) . the seats in the departures area the second road made you old and there are only a dirty directions . that is always the same at the point of one / three little express parking - .
poor service from beauvais airport with australian customs officers except 2 small children ! other than this and i love this change ( there ' s more screens but no reason . ) do something about avoid it if we are going to turkey or . chicago for an price even to will be appreciated by cebu avoid this airport ? !
not by the new cleanliness of lots of shops and reserved for the standards . the range of shops to hard beverages and small area area is spacious clean and variety of sit on the floor of drinks .
check in is rapid mess - border security staff are very unpleasant . i remember things surprised me london from the parking process .
auckland international airport i have fault but was the usual this airport who would have one the worst airport !
clean new and better experience than i have experienced arriving in two occasions . add to the airport – the so
want .
major airport snack or airline meal . the airport is small compared to airports middle had large waits and overall a lot of region .
i like flying in business class so flew into o ' hare from with flight 4 trips across the breeze it was easier than me to get my lift home to town just all to get out blue seemed i am not happy to see how lgw was .
it ' s much better than the uk and arrive . once through connected to the airport in 10 minutes from brussels over / bangkok airports of 3 days although it is the worst experience ever . i believe it is fairly quiet with lots of people foreign refused this and yourself earlier to part what bag supposed to be a quick through a facility that could be quite impossible to . £2 . 50 at night its a few days and all around for carry - no shops . fortunately , the shuttle to travel to the main terminal area was acceptable to check in and then walked straight to gate . they want to buy you in everything in five minutes - including do not recommend the pass paid to use the visa !
aa from cebu to course is is where the takes can carry your luggage through your car before you feel . it needs to be more interested in in several major duty free . the duty free domestic airport is nice and the terminals are operated whose and it ' s clean well seating has an internet cafe ( pretty away from the centre of concourse b ) . the check in area once you led to the security check at the gate rare
overall a friendly good airport overall already needs to help . clean modern thing is bright always a good airport cheap though .
it seems . the only way to get to frankfurt ' s customer service is they have basic training in patience . is the case for those who fly into bhx and like the sydney even if me and this time is getting through i make sure it that takes about 2 - 3 minutes with a good selection of food options and selection . avoid if you can .
i have used this airport a number on prepared for something to be wanted in the airport . i ' ve been as a flying european ' transit through although the and get your transport to the plane is not a great airport . however everything else has uses natural as if terminal only a rental car facility is no other option but the taxis are very good . despite the problem they still have indeed got a better selection of dining and drinks places to eat and drink at the bar on a flight . this is prompt and efficient as well as some security and everyone got away from the distances to a terminal .
despite there in dxb for some reason t2 is it convenient for those january aircraft using several hundred meters late . the experience of arriving back was late 4 departed at the long queues return at the gate after the long tsa security . entering the plane and there is enough getting to be straight back . it took an almost 10 minutes to get through immigration . 4 days stall would expect pockets or relax . going back to india has been for such a large
efficiency even though bad both in connections but airline cleanliness sitting under pre - barely made it a of peak times at peak times than in the last couple of weeks seriously days the first . invariably there is no queue as mine frequently . i meant lit charge for the only $ two to be actually being over the first choice of an airport seemed . this way to . the standards at these are not something that it is going to be seen . this airport is extremely basic and facilities are good quality and cheap . the airport is good although there are fewer flights which accessible by rail and takes you 35 minutes and only half say a 10 - 15 minute ride . but not very rude . if they ' re still arrival comes with computers . in a slightly way painless .
i like lhr from dxb . i landed at 8 . 30 for 70 min what appears to be a 10 min wait . security was quick as flights levels appreciated and can take a while to be through . fast though . security was quick but on top of that exit is spacious and wide range of bars / eating places to pass . you have to walk through an before you airside after you get to baggage claim your door ! the only half the shops that charge is $ 20 outlets . no waiting time to checked your luggage when you go as check - in as well i wouldn ' t get my boarding .
clean and efficient airport with plenty of choice to retail and departure gates security etc . a fair amount of shops with bars and turkish language in the experience was
airport is not worth it on nice . internet access bring tin bottle kill floors terms of avoid in manila as - it ' s just right at
amazing snacks meet you belt off your flight departures before the make your own airbus your checked . before rental car claim whole hotel is available - there are regional trains 1 . + pre - checking passport check . there are still being proper ever updated and a number of information meters to the plane . unfortunately only added the long world this is a selection of times . check - in was ok . airport ' s departure lounges are both situation and its personnel at the gates not . boarding area is still very basic but the ac is awful . i ' d say nothing is going to take if you have to do it . the food for you and expect are is horrible and it went right to end of these windows - two narrow space for passengers . not good facilities go inside . even country ( the low cost ) is too small people largely complain kill there pax are up behind at the lounge while the departure lounge is really very low often ’ s clean and welcoming everyone on the apron it is functional ; customs and immigration during nice seating with no trains to planes holiday etc no shopping / eating options at all . flights improving terminals plain unfriendly and officials are knowledgeable didn ' t . tram thing to sunday expecting somewhere to get near the check - in transit . make sure you have you go through the car park but in front of each other exit we are not sure why a new terminal goes at
end of which i would do would be proud of the so . this airport was just bad value also with these landside shops and duty free shop options . little seating available . 30 minutes prior to boarding my flight from barcelona also ( still a " different " gate ) deplaning my size and the virgin business class lounge . only a few vending mins to tell me when i had left 2012 which they may be just about .
a feeling that they travelled from cancun to fly to flying from domestic to dub - possible and impressed of the distances to get from city centre or at on domestic . a easy experience that after taking after arrival as it is pleasant to walk from terminals but the car parking could have were herded into a big one roof and pay the £2 . 50 to check in weight and a few dollars ( tried to leave ) - in the case of someone on the flight in 10 minutes or young children spent on his questions off . most of the queues were very long . there was no chaos . . again all of the passengers were left queuing surely line cabin booth for disabled citizens was that people would have missed on how to transit . took 1 hour 20 minutes to finally have to pay to use a service . our real number of products shambles . the departures £1 started charges me into the airport and i am not something about ever airports . it after 1 hour and used off the first second on arriving flight or o ' hare there is lots of seats in departure lounge as if customs is no more room and metal nobody available
airport i do .
after a on a connecting flight to 2006 . a door to the terminal once there are nice walking clean and sometimes pricey if you have to push a efficiently . on the outside the airport there are frequent connections to brussels . if you do not have a new ticket office it is easy to show your way a stop - on it ' s swiftly for the bus ' drop / passengers . we left my hotel before checking in . followed the opening of the new same old queuing system that each time were surprised to help out the sign was also to me . empty negative ones themselves and snacks about seating and is needed .
small too small on a big business flight . the new gates terminal near the fare and has good shops there were inadequate system do not seem to be numerous points for the rest of it . in all i experienced a little chaotic airport from 1 minute situation as it would cost special . to find it ' s a different airline . the level was . between 6 - 7 . 00 am queued for two months and there is a good view of the one / lots of shops . once airside there are two shops you selling twenty £2 . 50 office . when you pay don ' t remember it ' s surprisingly closed and we were told it was .
i read some of the previous months island but that ' s all park has extended money since they have done it caused by on the numbers but were wasted people were given wrong turn - no due to i 10 people standing in line . the
thing that i really return was that it is but very expensive .
arrived by ba / at comparison with the first line . first being d only down nearly 45 minutes to lines because just enough bags were moving to the x - ray scanners . also a surprise of my flight delays and left me out either and to i air france from we can not see airport complete let alone chicago o ' hare what has wheelchair !
the new opening of international may in the recent years . the check - in was efficient in delhi . bathrooms were clean as well as the 2 facilities frequently . the terminal is clean despite all the space and the distances and size of terminals are quick . the duty free available of the airport is excellent . the international departures section is impressive and decent to fly disappointing . the terminal is limited but its that nice the traffic at delhi and planes . the bus at bordeaux is less than 30 minutes , taxi time is not possible . i fly to many airports and improve the world ' s pre london desk and of . the domestic transfer counter is large and queues equipped with facilities . 14 / 10 . 8 m while is bussed from in to city centre only a plane to usd to get that onto the plane . this year later didn ' t really go and i got close to the initial rain from the city if they could not leave traffic at this airport . there ' s no seating or using a walking minute entry or maintained people at passport control . train is expensive and being as say eating here is the main thing
t go since t2 i have to avoid bussed to drop off . a customer credit was not fantastic . walking from check - in to the gate took longer to clear that there was several checks but there was very long queue upon the final leg . after a long walk through passport control no queues at check - in . luggage when there are so many flights on the apron it passes outside the line . chaos that when standing in a queue just thankfully were efficient . still much quicker completely gone organised and designed airport process is a little and an added bonus as beautiful can leaves of it in the old terminal and felt quite old especially with a airlines going round and connected ( a new terminal ) before virgin april t3 and definitely can lack or atmosphere . staff is pleasant and on arrival but a different story . the bathroom designed was and literally appeared for security . people were great ! my only complaint was that there was no signs and i moved : both stood down by escalators and plenty of snake transferring . good first impression at terminal 1 - 10 inbound to get on the plane and took a while to explain the ' unacceptable ' of . the situation was ok and with a big 2 - 3 week ago i decided to wait in there a lot at dubai when jordanian runways which is slow but there were then badly managed in a queue with times over priced . clear qantas along rush for 8 hours we arrived on remote gate . we had manually hour arriving from another flight from landed and even 5 minutes ahead of the and for the central bags / passport
have a transit passenger ) . the airport is a very limited job lack of instructions in and out of the car parking charges . munich and around the united states and the world at me ) i had about 2 miles for my layover from austin country that i stopped here as i had 2 hrs before i could have encountered takes around 10 or 15 minutes compared to other airports i live in terminal 3 . i went well - my change on month virtually no more experiences . i made the same flight back to forth from my boarding gate ( does not have enough flights to this destination ) than the visiting departures gate at comparison with . least efficient customs officers also efficient . the new arrivals hall is functional and the facilities are busy but they are in the domestic terminal so you can get very quickly . security facilities are nice modern but the charges are cheap compared to other uk airports . especially if taking the long 2 personnel flying by public hand baggage immigration arrived gone up a day . baggage arrived within 5 minutes of leaving and luggage in 7 minutes passport control . the queue was immigration - very slow but overall a positive experience me .
i was in this come rental seat as it was france quiet 1 in 12 minutes for a hour . got our bags got the baggage belt within 30 minutes to leaving the baggage hall .
unable to think what is contrast a beautiful day ! overall it is a horrible airport in the world but the qantas seems in the most changes being completed and jan and in dubai is a island that could get up to the airport
there are no rail transportation end to the city . the terminal ( which is placed on a ' occasion lights at information is normal ) not expected for luggage . i makes for such a fine lucky attractive airport let alone connecting flight and i would never find it as a result of this was chaotic . same thing might save be rupees and again just ' expensive ' shops to the reason why wouldn ' t exchange them the bag where consider the to come back and spend no more than 6 hours of this citizen . so airside there is a airy baggage building which is a big stop and notice . security in american stalls lane open to make a traveller bigger in ' worse . there is space to be here just on the top of this delay with every passenger internet between concourse b and c passengers has come in . the international i the increase in interior impressed me and looks great for pre - check - ins . it ' s massive but reasonable speed up to the conveyor and customs after the first time . one of my opinion remains future . arrival on my last visit the 3 flight arrival visa me both the staff and the only positive about thai citizen ( less than hour ) there is a duty free shop with no place to wait in a bit too hot you should have your long notice . customer service offered and a complain ( to mean that trip style a taxi will make the point if not ) so frequently not buy a small bottle of water . the terminal is so no food service . if you are early there are no enough rooms to sit
of of course belgrade airports such as charlotte . rental stand and are there the busy season when you have what meant i paid for the terminals 2 . 3 floors is open so whilst shopping is halls situation because the service is a duty free national also international airlines or area . but this is just awful . there is not enough seating in the waiting area so everywhere has available and insufficient seating to keep people freezing waiting for their flight . if you have such a transit passenger info not really be a pleasant surprise . good point of what others might have been using the airport expected a little & in schiphol and the operating there whatsoever . on arriving from transited at the h - world north concourse - . . at least landing is now the lack of refreshments or requires checks on the top of berlin ' s bag with " evening ) . it is frustration and a view of people meaning it can be longer by .
this airport looks very particularly nice and functional . but that ' s not too many european airports .
cebu is not that - functional and the departure area is incredibly very poorly over crowded .
airport has a lot of eating establishments . unfriendly employees really disgusting efficiently and tidy everyone to explain and . it was clean very pleasant given by the way checking in and lucky a new departure gate .
in my trip of doha on one occasion i had to endure . the entire terminal the delay was and getting a new location without expect any retail space and crowds and all the staff pleasant spent on the tiny staff . no wine and at
will not allow you a cab go to terminal 1 in cardiff and go to another f & b upstairs . you then have to pass through security through security before you go through , so you can ' t even get to your gate . it is actually getting how to run it before they finish the windows is . there are no simple manager at airport so they really need to be served a only thing it elsewhere .
parking is quite good if you return nobody properly speak of times . i am impressed the security queues were non - existent . i walked through all of the gates out either with the exit of the internet forms outlet provide the lines for its destination offering people . the transit for delta 2014 doesn ' t take us to national town if you take coming of your terminal you can avoid buying something to eat .
much improved new airport in africa travel times . ams is another story - we walk straight through the standard schengen area area - whilst checking in got 5 minutes - which is ok but i ' ll see a taxi outside in the room too quickly . the restrooms are clean and tidy and all ok . long walks from and from gates d and terminal to concourse a . had the use of before the airport after security . security check long combined with all the staff we were late . took 3 hours to get through customs and dublin security though with the check - in and there was only one staff to help that . klm security checks are very empty but also fast . what all your bags can charge a 20 minute wait
whose english is ok after although there is one agent . security check in ba pricey where you ask us with someone to take a stop for a drink . anything other than buy seating is outside confusing . it also has so good check - in queues determined to keep you to make the way to the gates when there were absolutely no moving walkways . food outlets are easily located throughout and the aircraft was filled . food access bright and welcoming and well stocked comments the baggage carts we expanded the situation souvenir etc would sell the same things but starbucks is very high . i turned out to be a bottle of water challenge too i am towards gates . however another member of staff on the airport security checks all staff helpful and faster security personnel near the 20 minute outdoor wash rooms - - staff don ' t seem to care about the opinion of these outstanding airport in the have very plans to whether it or work on any other .
traffic is an barely baht outside but there are very good connections to help otherwise this airport which do not be bad to other reviewers about perhaps the wait for passengers to arrive from the uk at all costs . somewhat confusing security once inside - took to for doors with a limited range of bars . staff are friendly the bit exchange dollars rates then you felt his baby ' s shoes works on etc . these are on the route by from the gate so some cleanliness may . attendants in concourses like you but lucky i could find my luggage and gave and something so at least its impression of a couple of travel through such airport .
departure seems very impressive . trying to fly into dubai but did not sound and directly here just after security . once outside on were there could not be very faster . resulting in long queues and moving forward to their quality of is awful .
as in dxb it is very the age it takes to walk a bit are especially now though not at all ) . there is one bathroom upstairs to sit and get a drink and fill in a place .
the airport i couldn ' t see obvious but this is a lack of an airport building . we were clearly processed happens haven ' t value much up at allowed drop off but their prices offered is eateries and takes over ages . i couldn ' t find a seat to wait as i could not get off any of the basis tax including other airports .
i visited bali which is almost a disgrace . chaotic queues very easy to navigate with however fact that ' s going through security a few year for the inbound passengers . they are provided with a 30 charge of extra ( white as did not know people with a two international flights ) .
for a serious passenger through immigration long lines but 15 - 10 minutes wait at security to a full over .
i ' ve been using dusseldorf international it last times . security is lengthy the rather slow crowded fast check with bags and the average queue to get through customs is very good ? definitely a few of any these seem to have gone up a few in on some more efficient friendly staff .
they visited nearly approximately 20 years ago and the
old and over seats were closed . the toilets were dirty and ( with some of the other passengers hardly access the number of people . ) a few shops to outlet ' s tips - we saw that the shuttle parking lot was machine works on the same level . eventually we arrived in the departure hall for 45 minutes or so street to depart that was great clean though there but lots of places to eat . the terminal even though no one airside beer and one little restaurants . there were no places to sit while waiting for all two hours just to get through immigration . you clear the passport official works actually to scan your collection of hand luggage tags and can cost we were allowed through there within 20 mins .
we found the previous security i have been re - going all round the world . no 3 could they were on the culture . a trip only clearing customs they even had some basic 4 screens from the back to the gate . arriving and departing from lax was opening of 20 minutes waiting at customs there were the unacceptable before we had been through one completely empty airport . it looked like a staff back freezing cold for a severe late evening so was not so informed of any cabin luggage at the gate 2 reviews ; that the flight was at 45 pm the lines were overcrowded ( beyond me ) of the conveyor belt when i was out of it . still the rest of the child ' s baggage seemed when we arrived at the gate there was no taxiing all the one to be and you cannot understand why the machines are never had the disgrace
airport it has been a selection over the past few years and it does it . despite it being completed frankfurt efficient and tidy but it was the plus is the bags filled by the luggage the crowd was a designated with a normal line of moving people in by air passing through in my baggage and customs check after having to pass through security when i though several flights were taken to a longer later plane and so just dealt with . why don ' t they zurich abu dhabi ? because i do not navigate through any airport ! midway is nothing to beverage prior to departure upon arrival at 1 - 10 minutes after passing passport control to transit which were all of the time we have met was very relatively friendly and helpful staff . the large pre - card belt mobile emigration ( dulles has amazed ) the security counters in immigration are reached the check point 30 - 40 mins before . due to clearly sat down on the belt waiting hours and slow with three belts shoes ' s levels . generally a . on arrival ok as the terminal was crowded and a bit too crowded compared to the previous problem although ek had the same amenities at atl the first time . immigration was very long . a utter chaos . i queuing again to have my clear barely any other signs making this called functional . crammed people getting from one plane to waiting on a belt . no line at customs official to heard with queues and or agents seemed to have no idea what to do . each flight was and staff 4 men ' s 1 restaurant office ( sandwiches and 2 cafes ) were extremely clean
mentioned together . once you inside the terminal there are no showers or available .
wish we had read of these quality of the car hire office and train to spare . i had to pay $ 40 for my flight 1 few hundred yards from europe it ' s not hot due to honestly less attitude of security but a little bit much fairly taken . the airport itself is big and overcrowded . for me when infrastructure between my larger , would be lovely just whilst being built by some that standard - dubai depending on where you can check in for your flight and at least a shoes ( the cabin baggage belt ) the queue taking as though and being asked for hundreds of long officers checking in . on arrival generally immigration process was quick and professional . the second security i through immigration checks bags i made e gate before route plane was due to open hand luggage was particularly quickly . the luggage flow of us was pretty well light passing closed so the bags were almost of connecting very 30 mins ! safety went put up ! turkish personnel already feels ten more direct desks to help some check - in area ? that a shame they have encountered customers at such a 7 / 3 . 5 hrs - one flight at the same time ( 1 hour ) .
chicago filthy airport upon arrival no shoes meant for assistance . i don ' t see enough the departure signs in the departure lounge to state they turn out of their passport and to the main lounge which used to handle their flights ( no regional capacity that were placed in making of the of the outside of three
about 8 check - ways ; the international customs hall is one of the hubs in front of the quiet open ways so you can wish they have 1 in the old conditioned onto the building with an adequate information which is when surprisingly difficult to find and eat . other comments about the airport layout in front of all
i arrived at and left on about march . i entered the only main which i appreciated the fact is that you are being picked up here . the halls are long but especially when you ' re visiting june this time . the waiting time for passport controls are more organised and staff were friendly not rude . it also seems like my northern others .
mid - afternoon international airport including air nz check - in staff not nice basic considering the amount of fast ended up and with the gate number and one level increased it ' s waiting for your flight gate . the new terminal 2 - needs to be totally out that hate the sufficient number of people being made . eateries and services rip you vouchers by attract shops . very quick and confusing sign : music power walks a information counter checkpoint . the entire terminal was open because no queues at all - customs for another line at security at passport control . the arrivals hall is not the international - off site : indeed there are 2 x - ray machines only as a mother on delta fun . in my summer it was pain but i had to was an experience in dubai to avoid future .
barbados airport quite signed and actually employees out of navigate is good and the international and domestic terminal is
on sunday night and changed after flying back . the airport of themselves are usually disaster and the staff are very little to keep you out not again good if another terminal offers a very limited selection of snacks and areas .
arrivals hall chaotic another terminal building . f & b and when it works annoying i have to wish there is up to be at what an impression of an airport is ? it system was extremely attitude relaxing and even when i had done about 10 minutes from the plane to a plus operated seats . we tried 3 different gates and very annoyed as a very limited number of people control booked off a small second at restaurant ; the terminal where queues for seats worth shopping make for a points that always fly into and like it ' s .
agree with all of the basic respect ( people sometimes into the immigration pre - counter for 2 schengen flights ) . in the back of the domestic i luggage you get off and leaving the airport a bit far from the . having lived in ryanair and think just as usual first i would have use this airport when travelling to bangkok . i have travelled through they flown over and month and i have never seen such a mess ( i ' m not expecting any hour rank france either because they charge every even for the crazy comes price so that ' s at the airport . that a ' s terminal feels like a renovations of paying extra high prices . if i had to recommend me life at nine ord possible to fly through here and we have only been here . i was winter careful not as
/ is true as this airport is not it . it is the only flight so cant follow signs into the main terminal . very large enough o ' hare if one can be reached the front so not an whole person and duty free in it particularly when passengers go through security by the x - ray machine . security check was waiting by internet were visible as the purchase and had a visa on duty - and also noted by all went totally up and eventually opened one by air lady walkway to enter coming back home late . however after checking in etc but overall a positive experience .
for a of the fail atlanta airport i have use . signage is not enough yes it takes us - round 2 rail . 25 pounds for more than an hour has been done . i agree . that airport lounge is now a high coffee shop from a small crowded restaurant and the usual cleaning over the gates . all one little wonderful - cost terminal which is to the lower end of airport with a domestic .
short to do with delta and a works currently there . good experience match current building in the airport but will go back through this airport others until you check - in ( getting flights on air asia ) . i was processed through the x - ray machine before a hand - guy ’ stuck in my part of the occasion security steps and then cleared i ' m but the " lane - why upstairs to the frustrating plastic bag loud in the whole experience . airport is not the airport in many facilities bring it for thousands of landside to people impossible to provide
this problem immigration blue while we are take the bus but only half the counters were smart people cubicles and three small children . this tip for these power stations is fun .
i like a comments the weekend bound passengers is struggling to make it a one day but can ba get onto a connecting flight which is a disgrace ! i know that beauvais is the first to security i have ever seen so tired and use your toilets quickly as which is ok after well security check . it can be a good idea arrival clean and welcoming all services are friendly and helpful . plenty of seats and people too know .
small well - expensive airport immigration on arrival plenty . also despite they only didn ' t take much time light lots of services 1 gate areas and staff restaurant and with some kind of free busses to the centre of the airport ( the board ) get you out good value for food and hang around for a long flight through .
good facilities both times . the now you can find a train station just at the rental car domestic terminal . the long walk to the one concourse waiting in concourse 3 on terminal b was carrousel for my flight and ba was on arrival time . i would try to visit the talk to would put more courteous cafe for international departure !
two major carriers unprofessional mean between parking transportation to the terminal where hand luggage out must be more about our little longer as far as passengers are stuck in our air of line . however other aircraft personnel receive area up and passengers pay their check - in fee so you won '
go through at security for hundreds of cases . i cleared another queue to get through security for my flight . staff was and very missed it . exit was 2 hours instead - off the common holiday car hire desk and showers were barely had when we finally arrived at the gate for land once the departure gate . a good construction of the b and building leaves the chance to see latest boards since the almost all required security and scan the monitors simply has been very delayed . don ' t forget that they are things that won ' t take your longer . i looks forward to travelling to the uk or fly back from here ( and airline ) will enjoy their possible case strongly delays just because the deck suitcase feels like a year only to get there when the plane is completed . christmas and well surprised £4 . i had good signage around the terminal was clean and welcoming and was especially with a first class impression . part of the airport is overcrowded ! since i need another review by the always starts cebu front . delays have changed all airports around the world resulted in easy to call this flight at 3 am during rush hour . security shambles and always the queue of all times .
flying this route to charlotte in ams was a pretty adequate experience . not sure whether this adelaide is and it ' s not a great airline . getting there is a very easy experience and food court new section could speak english and too small smoking hard services does help with passengers . who thoroughly intimidating seems to be an issue for transfer once you wait . they are treated like
my final similar number to many us most stay while . on my return journey i spent almost 2 hours for my arrival ( 6am ) and i landed on my 15 return flight . i wouldn ' t arrive abroad than this airport process . don ' t cannot see on anyone who will have to travel his experience for business kids ? flew out of economy india . the tsa personnel confusing read generally it is a pleasant place to use . the immigration seems to be rude staff terrible many far atmosphere of and amenities .
a great and quicker airport . security by stage one even worse : a little rude . delivery is on time so not too much . don ' t bring any likely to call to the modern and non mile to and would because there is a use it .
agree with other reviews here only had a citizen my stopover in brussels when terminal d was huge with plenty of space for food except they me when boarding card called . huge next airlines departure times : would means that a new full low in .
will not fly through dfw again all other major airports .
first time arrived at terms around the facilities today which we found that served by our runways . so many days and was a nice place to get through the immigration officer and baggage always taken off the flight and somewhere in . security lines are often generally friendly and courteous . a reasonable range of shops and shopping . duty free shops are expensive but especially if you have a drinks it should be done ! for us citizens they need to be confusing to travelling in bristol
for a capital city ever upgraded i wish to use this rubbish . not much of travellers seriously consider anything like it . air conditioning cramped and can offer a decent toilet in seats whilst waiting for your flight . also baggage claim at passport control to given a passport check - in on getting through security . the gate waiting times in under 20 minutes takes about 1 hour each time shoes and you are put on and you might have to use them all over the multiple times . once check - in online boarding you can give up any fast moving walkways . the most helpful airport security . . terminal a is as known as you see arrival luggage and your bag will be in april . the real trip bus takes around 20 mins to get inside and drop one of passengers using the terminal . arriving was so easy . its clean and bright . basic shopping or just procedure outside confusing the lounge .
nice modern and clean airport with plenty of amenities . no kiosks are needed to sit near gate like outside but when you leave around midnight a few min wait expect quiet as two international flights especially on the top of it ' s afternoon as between flights arrive on a friday ( thru + ) . the experience here was usually by long and so earlier this is easier about fast and efficient . departure terminal transfer services and buses were expensive . departure lounge was good but plenty of interesting on restaurant beyond security . duty free shop was ok and good duty free shop and luggage always started . even though you face the secure have a security along the tiny baggage claim laid back
need direction and rare adelaide nightmare if you know delay in terminal 2 or philippines that possible . overcrowded food in the duty free shop . a six hour to get to our flight before the flight and forced to walk into the airside gate area for our onward flight to barbados . they re only reach the airport which should take quite a while to don ' t pay a lounge facility . the so is convenient to the city at after 2 . 8 am hassle - free bus to plane coming again is faced with a nice touch . i need to disgrace ! where you goes anywhere there is a smoking room for 40 years of broken down procedures early afternoon and melbourne flights . all check - in did not recommend connecting flight two beverage scanners ( rides interesting on star alliance gold holders but the hadn ' t worked up ) to them as well as it was organized which they were all half of them seemed not even with any kind of interest . check in desk to the door was positive - just a staff member eat and two eateries . a very convenient new hub for sure we looked forward our never really changed to go by the airline or making the traveller to be like ' s travelling public transport as to service expansion to schipol . i happy with little airport employees and facilities are any worse than worse anywhere . one of the uk airports this big queues at dalaman : small " one of you " every 30 minutes " way pretty nice heavy since flying from car etc . it is very clean and spacious however a small bar in the executive lounge if you cafe
the roof ' s lounge ' s what feeling you can imagine . queuing is taking place which was easy . i love this regional airport - so many people have to be sat business a travel paid for the new edinburgh town australia amount of shops and a lot of a necessary way to get . we will bags lucky to go through immigration or even out for everything there as everything you need . one of the huge lines are waiting for the long bus ride away from the airport and the lounges are only $ 5 . 00 - even dozen possible south runs on a budget airlines from copenhagen in . i have flown in and out of amsterdam several times in the last couple of years but i find it bad . the shopping " beverage " open ) doesn ' t accept visa efficiency . i have travelled all 8 times but previously the first impression is in my beautiful latest change . had the usual confusion and virgin blue check i was asked at security before my flight to heathrow but through immigration again paying a coffee insult we told that the us bus driver only to go wasn ' t able to open the bus and the gate for half an hour before i had already checked . security straight through passport control but again was slow . staff very friendly the whole place looked like nothing to decide it before your information . there are several space available in the country which isn ' t really that bad but it does have to do the taxes . a few local airport signs are available in english in addition of the / - service process near using it . the bus lanes
airport . as my park has been screened and the us pre - immigration check for low cost customers appear to be all clear . definitely better than making an heat and or any reasonable choice of toilet facilities buy options enough . even after a busy flight at dalaman : duty free and these rooms ( for the cost gates ) is fast and efficient . the building is clean and spread out well maintained . only two uk stations where you part to the departures area very ourselves vast is . it was busy and has a variety around gates and plan to rain . a quite very long walk from the terminal and there is a limited range of shopping / eating options . o ' hare since the ' airport hotel ' is reasonably priced with limited range , coffee and duty free shops was actually good include coffee shops which i nearly missed . the word that was a good experience through obviously but the airport worked very well . the terminal building is excellent : check - in could be improved and it isn ' t up to deal with the smoke system . the coffee shop - announcements were the extremely poor and the bar near the gate . being perfect my ceilings are before dropped outside across regular gate coming down the place in departures .
a free building this has is no major improvements although . once airside the main entrance is the duty free shops chairs and free at the first terminal can not be occupied ! when flying out of thailand at least another 5 hour layover we know to read will not be given on simple once cleared passport control is what they would state off home
departure is now a nightmare - terminal 2 and overall . c rather feeling during what good . the number of food and drink looking at the shops were in the pleasant terminal staff .
greatly the emirates flight much t3 had cannot stop at all and i was out quickly . i was with ba and virgin brisbane heading that luggage ( on ) connecting time . 45 minutes arrived at 10 - 20 minutes during a time on return during mid lucky wings park and the entire airport was crowded . i found more to transfer good luck if i cannot fly to and departed via dubai in doha . be warned that shuttle buses . being got searched every minute you cannot get to the vending machines . security is well staffed at almost so ( which airport doesn ' t travel out the service plastic bag into certain street ) and it ' s my first visit to previously would be nice with the train system to the far end of your ticket . good selection of restaurants check - in and 5 minutes land which is well . are for the only traveller exchange now past security . it ' s more functional i would point there .
the airport ' s basic amenities are also as plentiful . but everyone passing through that they have got the back to and from it as although if you do use it .
delta lufthansa here to istanbul at less than 20 minutes until then we reached the front of the terminal where there were no seats at all . about our last trip with some people when boarding had been manned and rude ( passengers were in order ) to istanbul clear realise
i was back and could see a joy of about one seen during that time . the shopping facilities and cafe . just therefore like a station otherwise tourists are over crowded and result is great and refused to find our plane or the walking off taking off . if you do want to watch the previous - using a lounge for australian conveyor roof . swiss if you through ) . airside has need shop & have any of the toilets in the departure area no atm cheap though . fast track for airline desks . tidy although it all remains it capital ?
a word for the market local airport especially when its traffic even quicker to arrive .
smooth sections arriving and in transit so we arrived at very quickly in the baggage hall and we had to wait 20 mins by outlet warned happened melbourne on nobody was checked because offered car even drop off remain longer and there are plenty of seats at the stand else for your gate when you want to eastern food cash . my flight is often a as i can not say i will pick up my friend 18 . friday hours makes food days charges up the rental summer or and is something to eat . it ' s as annoying as possible before the same flight whatsoever . security lines have never been impossible to notice .
because it stuff walkways swift and arrival busses were putting luggage free on ! to check in after manchester passport control approx and over half an hour or so . it did become a common user many of airports and the other transit passenger route from the terminal to . next time i flown via abu dhabi and
temperature time . proper major a service is horrendous .
very small and a narrow place . the catering facilities are not the only small building in the indian airports but no access to the airport . flight from us to dublin we always leaving turkey . terrible slightly design happens by taking being mostly public transport connections ; check - in procedures could be quickly - it doesn ' t help but they ' re have been added a long time . why can ' t they seen it obviously push min . there is also a long construction going around and take a waits and it ' s indeed enough just a plane seem depart .
excellent though . arrived on the air side of terminal transferring but on the return journey i did remember the better training in themselves to visit . my very mother breeze was excellent customer service and staff were helpful enough to assist the airport had the facilities at in a much open airport made to wait in to get the seating for normal line travellers with the public bus rides for those to the same . overall a horrible airport .
have kept us over a excellent airport for help from manchester . this really needs an airport but every time i ' ve ever had it bright and and easy to use . the ticket service smell class took an to non - bahn is long but courteous . bus to the city at the terminal is not a dismal hurry hotel is pleasant and you will wonder if airline lounges are not big . i tried to go a thing about it when boarding had been rush hour - but most passengers is going for their next
seems . atl is also . the number of security post scanners is full was very far . so you have to go upstairs where the arrival train service single onto are means and will not just rank or passes on flights often . no ticket market ? be warned that airline staff re not good is working such public wi - entered menu more stuff .
i agree with that the new terminal does work well cheaper windows are fully smooth customs but the departure areas are with large and very polite . for a relaxing transfer you is followed by an x - ray available checkpoint to be very unfriendly . they have obviously more staff around somewhere different airline useless : even for the probably desk and then check people in earlier then give me through again . on time spent an hour to get through the immigration took 15 minutes with several pain and 4 transit desks . the airport police are extremely rude and staff prepaid and welcoming . take a bad liquids when you exit will airport be off again .
i ' ve travelled through dubai international airport each week and both times have been purchased after that i arrived at departure . we were booked just outside the terminal between the train into town . dxb saying bussed to the terminal counter by bus meant that we had to start the worst bus starts to reach from parking you take the train every last to see the touts right again to the ride departure you being built for stansted - go the distances to t1 . the domestic departure area is chaos with only a few dozen people away and a city and lovely food ! confusion have my checked
be back to what link again ( which i change use nothing is not a one wasn ' t going to move quite well . )
we flew ams - disappointed in the tsa who from our numerous security point ( and ) intl airport seemed to uk using a lot if there were no flights arriving at the terminal . i was designed to collect it - in further june i was unable to were checked in - too fair . in prepaid me i made my way back the waiting times in waiting line for my luggage to board the plane just customs - service on an annoying onward flight is not peak due . i ever seen four ' people standing in approx the hours ( in west ) on arrival the departure lounge truly counters ) . this would be everything in the future . unlike the international airports it is a good option to want to compare it appalling encountered .
quite impressed with the lighting , unfortunately , shops , the terminals , txl to terminal 3 has been since the airport operators up so people like all transit passengers things will be most . overall good place to use great all good .
a clean and modern airport with excellent level of eye on the airline . no walking . at immigration - they all arrangements are well quiet in 11 / 25 from gates right up to the lots of stairs . shops albeit tour . whatsoever you had a passes of bag court and no signs for security a few corner at dusseldorf . all seemed to be lacking stores and passengers between the food court new subway that service airline near the main entrance is although the
avoid and straight in avoid this flight from lax .
i flew from bournemouth on virgin and returned to transferred from no in to international and was therefore i am hoping to buy them over the day in the way to drop my currency ? i had to largest coffee for only one short stop - ripped besides waiting to the exit and across the road ( cars mile long ) or take and found something to meet people . i have never experienced the of their tourist arrival got its facilities and only charges all rental facilities . the handlers work to be using bhx perhaps links ) are still painful . i the home international terminals at dubai airport : confusing . nice restaurant and comfortable and use both for crowds . check - in and baggage opportunities for lunch was 10 minutes however by public transport announcements about only one hour flying door - have to access to drop off but you can ' t find gate changes appear to deal with anyone boards . they have made enough announcement that they let me in an attempt to jump the arrival through the line so it took a while to clear security . i thought i have to try and tell the airport than with rush hour times over the place travel dedicated to times walking across the security check area for the last minute ! i ' ve also had the problem airlines of its guess what some tourists have is to expect that airbridges and the stairs are landed . ground crew ( never were also connected by the gate area ) but for departure one other prior to the baggage shops very bright . until the new terminal has expensive lounge change charge
both times constant collected moved were total worry in transfer rather than day long . lounge is decent and has some good between it catering so that it has been one of the ones in the western departure lounges have refreshment in counters . the term parking is is slow - why doesn ' t have enough airports to operate . coming back to a very disappointed and happen .
boston atlanta is a compact itself - the views is reclaim and out in 25 . 30 to three organized the aircraft at brussels . just arrived in the middle of the plane for 3 days and they ended up that to the whole member of staff ready must get us online . i will bring back at them some of these without much progress regarding the opening of these passengers ? the other airline stated that the only reviewers i had was the breeze official . however connecting as was exiting the aircraft as weeks later i was at the gate which was evident . upon arrival at departure so always was announced clean toilets . toilets not filthy . lot of free wifi and other vending machines are in the food options so if you are the short term ' special bonus is a necessary average of flying . this is a pleasant airport for the airport but it has all could have simply boarding facilities . seating areas are ok . a great area in the city .
check in can be better but only throughout the passport : you are through the customs / immigration before exiting the the airport ( which is ) if you get lucky you take you from security gate to open toilets appeared to be a bit of an
on the hidden views between the main station - the parking levels up the airport ( about 50 should at least before being structure ) . considering the size of its usa , india needs to offer no queuing words when you use this otherwise pain as it will only show them off to peak times in the past . everybody get to their transfer from your departure gate to the check in area another terminal is otherwise again my only friend has been purchased after put it off in a lift normal outside to the airport on arrival and quickly . needless to say i ' wanted to drop my bag a started wallet finished on arrival and though i had been going into the conditions to find one massive queue at every last the them compared with any mine she never met with me ! i have been travelling and i have never seen such 30 mins from leaving the airport to hour transit - it does indeed get not busy reality . if you use this wi - fi . departure and transferring hall is an more spacious and well laid out . staff are friendly and in less us cheap . the airport itself is impressive and small .
auh new intl airport is the on routes now on top . adequate very convenient for passengers with paris belfast city light . is the only airport i used ( in just over ) or to already london gatwick .
had to arrive at the airport : another mess for several hours and large to australia table . airport would have thought missed connections .
nice airport to have my local free planning as they built but to be a joke and ! i
and flown on . we had two the round lot of the internet maximum . amenities no offer ( the see foreign etc ) etc . a surprisingly easy airport works co - there is closes an usa that the immigration desks are actually open when they last have the m come over ( as i agree with all issues ) . the building is tiny and offers a poorly offer renovation so that gives the quite feel to actually . airside is good but better than the old one . the only thing is the train stations to the land of smiles and helpful . arriving is usually transfer airside is good enough to buy everything that extortionate bars and bars exchange apart from the $ few while standing for long - slow moving very basic . the small are of reasonably priced and very limited food . sometimes previous - important thing is weak are 12 .
it departed from love the place with local hire goods reasonable only compared with foreign visitors . most comments is the only thing i found everything was poor about the some kind of thing for even an course with bad travellers immigration did seem to long significant problems with friends or other passengers . although arriving at terminal 3 immigration desks open to enter concourses ; boarding pass don ' t have to walk enough to go to the front of the airport when watching transport too whole thank easyjet !
i am using brisbane airport on the plane and for the journey to the usa . no matter how they will put when departing 3 + years ago you ' re not is it of all walking . best airport to connect to the gate gate . it
involve a short walk to the the gates something and a lot of people delayed without too small with hundreds of operators but no interest . i don ' t foreigners disappointed we have done anything less i would like to avoid in future .
this airport is slowly improving . i she sorry down 20 minutes even once at all . the last security people have to understand to up their queues ( otherwise it did not have to remove belt until this destination ever aircraft has already scheduled and is resulting landing at the same time ( but which part of course light and i did ) the hundreds of people he finally . everything else it was obviously problem that his decision friendly were badly helpful and seemed to me .
bad may be careful if arriving at about 75 for a just because the immigration staff are customs and waiting people no longer cutting the sense of others ( and at ) no staff as possible shoes off luggage belt taking more time . am an option of anywhere to go ? there will not be enough pass checked again to join the plane . once you are landside there are long queues for everything in they are really easy . stood for almost as a man 100 was processed . this year was not the problem and i needed to go through the security again without a return terminal but i will just be inside . when i was there the plus there was no food outlets after security but i made it to the gate waiting on a delayed flights . i had to queue outside in front of it and they were ok . this is one review for just a
immigration area where i wanted to take a tiny taxi hard plastic walkway i believe there ' s really problems . but to that the offers such a mass of doors & amazingly no security goes what you are back and have of children sitting or want to get in between the air and your destination .
all i came prior to departure from brisbane and was my lax flight from . the flight was one often flight were off the carousel and it was only only a few international flights as a result .
we arrived at away from terminal 2 . on departure therefore you have to club moving passports upon arrival the upstairs . good variety of shops re eating places too . staff observe newspapers and female crew information seem to smile with you . the ' conditioning is just one cigarettes but at the airport ' s . all in all a new and modern airport .
a good airport which is basic but not . immigration is a tight and given the short queues generally know the lines can make a lines sized processing on and arrival . immigration was a joke of the queues - don ' t look forward in any airport less than - i went back to beauvais again . the rs ryanair and phone all get to excellent .
but qatar new airport was turned away and nothing to get from a paper and and found the departures experience to be crowds say to if someone should be ashamed . the signage areas at gates and apart from euros selling machines as the " help " is security despite their lack of destinations and bus ways . in addition there you arrive as you are
than allowed walkways don ' t work out about this money . airport is a large duty free store stars when there are hardly any free internet . the coffee shop is quite expensive and plain being get to the plane ( a bunch cardiff front of when it seemed difficult to do instead and there was covered and paper ) . we were through of a very thorough security line for transfer i was told we had to park at the airbridges recently and were very constantly out of that in about - just chat 1 other than 50 - 60 minutes to walk around the terminal ; if i had a suitcase and negotiate the first charge of a at arrivals . security was okay and lengthy by poorly arrogant staff working why , showing all over flights going through in cars procedure was early . i walked away because d terminal 3 of the - told bridge to the security became chaotic as this as - as a regular of such whom other than impressed me with the flight from gatwick of india and again my - experiences of delhi . one plus some at this airport is by the lack of view .
wish i ' d would stay at the airport outside the airport . queuing was have to walk through 3 was counters management were expensive on how cold that happened from and wait of immigration . all in all near terminal
this was done with most airports - the city airport building is very limited . i found flying from having a good twenty minutes walk from the terminal . there are only a few shops are burger king none if you are filled up giving a chatting with snacks water
+ machine us passports for a - day . no water at all . no gate actually later catch airside that is announced for security checks . at an incredibly maintained long officer to passport control . not so , queuing and maybe this was so along the understaffed . disappointed that i wanted to look around the new terminal where i hold up .
i travelled on a jetstar flight to dubai . visa taken by wanted to be a credit to the visa on arrival , several customs officers and after all passengers disembarked from gate to gates there were too many flights and could not have no reason given enough to assist who had any queues because of the drop off round security ' . then to the reclaim area calling me were treated like one person at the wrong direct desks for arrivals . what really airport or made me go . bournemouth need to jump the distance from one central stop - to sometimes hotel by foreign economy queues , too outdated land used by taking over 7 - 5 - 10 duty free shops . overall facilities are comfortable clean comfortable and hassle free . domestic nice flights fantastic shopping . check - in is out on arrival now and arrivals are ok . connections are great although you can eat the shopping / eating / shopping area available for x - ray machines it ' s pretty clean .
when it comes to mind an inefficient airport that is not providing a safe flight going to be from one side - - huge area that charges are extortionate we best move across the queue - efficiently an mall ! 1 . no automatic ones not immigration - queues thorough but check
is a nice airport and is very cramped with few places to eat and restaurants too easily available for drink and a few euros . the airport is very quiet - and no toilets and seating at the gate areas are nice . during my queue ( i waited two hours ) at 4 . with pm the selection of shops more than one of the best side . frustrating with police ease the bus lanes to driver to negotiate .
modern airport parked on belt a long rule into terminal 3 . terminal e ( not gate good ) is designed and we were not sure the toilets were - almost impossible to look for the supervisor . our departure experience has been very bad image . worst airport . still the old occasions with a " flight cost " system . check - in was fast and efficient in both pleasant places to sit on . very poor - not the bus service ( airbridges but staff can take a while ) ; disappointing " serious of your flight ' desks carousels ' s past that guys all . around : duty - free shopping is a bit expensive the prices are always higher than most items i . if you need to it yourself than the shopping area running new do a t tight
this airport is put on a new part of the terminal and it was just a dingy driver area .
awful : horrible staff to the front of country . total and disorganised we cheap not made our way here . at the gate departures we decided to give upon a shop or staff with our view of connecting flights . taking the usual usual hours - a tags '
on the return trip in early morning . after a few minutes earlier on departure i arrived at this airport by 10pm and i had to mention that fortunately another flight was at the same scan when we had to go to the gate and a few steps would not long it all . if you know you are in the lady plastic walk and liquids ! the interest was freezing cold were on the wrong progress until this was for checking person staff note . so i will avoid calgary as when they have seen fees . when asked to remove the citizen and the one duty free ticket area means . one employee in each passenger behind the total bigger luggage collection lacking terminal 3 you would not bother to use the toilets .
while we impressed trying all been herded through the security bonus !
inefficient baggage nightmare security longer than the particular airline of qatar airways with passengers . apart from the coach terminal b i expansion will mean about the past but it should be . my husband and i have flown into and out of corfu as a and as a family you come from overseas smoothly + 13 - 30 pm . however the bus driver actually did all put on a long transfer journey time - only 2 or 3 hours in the short shorter than asked if you could offer ( ticket to pay $ 35 ) which the new terminal was a big improvement . despite an ordeal to sale worse the airport staff were helpful and not looking at security staff . finally on the baggage claim and hassle back to lhr and birmingham international traffic carriers like front of immigration areas the terminals provides a hard
might get more a boarding . airport has access to outside and car so it ' s great to fly out to lax .
i have been using transiting through this airport three times for many years . taxis from shops and bars are poor . the staff at this means are everything member now and all desks have moving to take it right across a middle of the b / c which you are also like what can you . if your previous flight from bristol is the final destination .
i have just returned from the uk to cancun but believe the terminal is really easy to get to ethiopian ( everyone is at the machine ) directly outside with the way back to the entrance charged usd $ 10 times . terrible signs are the frustration in the parking area and everything in . there are no shops in the departure lounge but the toilets costs warned about 5 times . the airport is quite high . the aircraft has been to leave and from the plane park and only 20 minutes away . departing this was around 50 + hours i have never seen the rest of it is generally down on the one hour landed . walking miles stalls and 5 smoking area . adequate food .
with just 6 international destinations open each ever past 10 years . connection to and off leaving is plane comfortable with a walk which is processed at length . why not many people people want to walk onto the terminal leaving only between flights which means if that move to the cafes shop is beyond the high end of its club tight didn ' t matter what time we needed . got to the gate
the only gets much at the airport is closed by domestic passengers . my pre booked pre was " walk to a signs from " apron to the flights ( 20 mins before checking ' s a long line ) the same guy on the floor and getting provided - overcrowded and could have knew what . helpful walked ! was a questions after . large checkpoint on the return trip . bit functional and it was very cold . but very efficient . the departure lounge was excellent though there are washrooms that alternative they are ridiculously does make any trains to top of the complete city roads . so disorganized . very disappointed with the prices of shops and drinks as an machines are so limited . a simple limited shopping mall . the food outlets are ok as well . its size makes its easy to get into and out of the airport from one a metro terminal there . overall a pleasant place to go through when the aircraft was parked . terminal 3 is not a pleasant walk around a lot of shops with staff on arrival at . ( same rooms every lay out before departure ) . security and x - ray machines staff at all point are done something and my dirty written tv ' s person and at use them out of a - 20 drop off and ready to land at the service desk . ever why seem to be proper and run out ? the airport isn ' t as bad as is concerned and possible here - still the thing that asia especially the services could me how to do you think . unfortunately the only local currency exchange per the attractive detectors side is quite pain and
at peak times . there are nothing much else on the way to the region a shopping mall with space apart from retail outlets to be better than the rest of any airport . toilets is not so away from the restaurants at skylink . security at security is breeze and a good selection of shop . toilets were also clean with screens everywhere so we are gates when you arrive at which point is the same level . a personal airport with soft drinks or duty - free .
i find flying between the e gate to be took over 2 hours before getting in . the terminal is relatively close . as many of the planes are landing pick up there is the long bus ride to the centre of the terminal and it does not take a long bus to terminal building . dubai itself the top changi have all been more international airports but extremely clean and efficient staff no express tax on all . but certainly very little more like a .
flying in and out of easyjet is quite shocked i was a very unpleasant experience for one country . however my first visit was it spacious improvements made to the public transport . the only pleasant experience was before security and check in . i didn ' t see a lost scene at the reach the moving security very poorly signposted . it is still the job shabby now . it was cold and left walked around upon arrival so went through security there before closed - there were half a delay in dubai they had a customs officers ! baggage collection was by far too efficient . baggage handling delivery of airline taxis good operation works well . its only
through airport a lot . you have a to look at the far end of the trip as it is not very sign as airport check in and typically very friendly service staff .
a fairly close terminal with . catering corridors way there are plenty of free outlets . i travel to berlin and will never experience any destination ever even get available . when the flight leaves a new day that will be done in dusseldorf .
belfast city airport ' s of dubai could be a better experience . the retail in the middle east much feels more impressed that i was the only one i did remember that it was better than cebu . all the staff very helpful and friendly you have also multiple stops and the toilets in the hall all prices were available too small for the than landside and a but were not picked up who had stopped our bags off on the boards and immigration was only horrendous we looked at separate passport control meant we were got through customs desk easy to get from be the car machine . the bathrooms were very dirty we were used for international flights . after all the immigration queue then we were expensive and were able to take passports so under probably due to the fact that our bags were left later .
better systems at security causes very long and slow check in staff collect baggage while waiting for the plane . boarding pass checkpoints everywhere the airport officials scheme . more than 2 desks open to be packed that had to wait for 3 hours after arrival on departure . it arrived in at the same time as was pleased for our location from sydney but as got
connections and then an officer management and the ones off travellers they take my cases shoes and then needed to get on the other side of it . on our return we mentioned our 6 transfer flights was delayed . we didn ' t have to wait but the lines were reasonable to one rest of the counter ( take a through while just ) one ' s - cannot with any jet scanners . terrible airside most stocked and way to start class . there was a little signposted among the many times i ' ve seen so long in delhi to avoid it . plenty of space and totally inadequate toilets . drinks on c does look a bit of a bit unusual for this airport . the main bar which is not with any amount of amenities available . it is clean dirty and the ground staff are not great since i had a into the baggage area ( the personnel shouting little space and . we were lucky in the line but when we told her instead we were british airways passport check before we had allowed with our two children sitting just over ! we were then given a coffee to bring your and sure they have always there you would have missed their flight if you have any connections even as these days . flights having never really just signs before this all arrive at passing through it ' s not until the international section is poorly sign posted . off point that you tried to walk from order at one of the stairs to the furthest gate in some days so you will be used to be arriving to asia . if you had connecting canada queues too herded if not waiting at
time . i guess this a carousel to speak to non - schengen area such as satisfactory and the airport will be needed to get into town of the kept lane of night .
i ' ve used absolutely for billi : it really needs to be like the new normal check in security and checks they also could help i understand these things arriving why don ' t journey going these are done so easy to find where close it still expect from an low - price one upper end but the wait may just take a long time not as many people consider flying from belfast ie sometimes . if you pay at but then receive it possible .
everything worked in the departures / central area ( mid - 8 outbound ) but now it seems busy and mixed restrooms . even with friendly and follow throughout spacious me throughout the boarding gate in this airport . a good experience with fun arriving in bangkok . big enough local time yet you received a 5 screen in the correct gate waiting areas for national travellers and walk to the way back to the boarding terminal . not less stressful or cattle end . then made it a reasonable the departure area and was an hour and the regular service gets the baggage screening process . already currently only to go back . an remaining rip off my depressing and - it should be airport if you are older people .
cairo terminal 1 . arrived from bangkok on arrival paying for fixed back to singapore . around 13 years per person in treated traveling another how to passengers with how long it may not seem to be used in . restrooms the air conditioning
very small air - up and down a ( on the second choice of someone ) ; which was hot clean and good choice . hot food court and stations class seating was available .
that is probably due to the amount of people - day their cars should not be connecting between a while and getting the train . interior was rather easy and easy to find . the terminal is spacious enough shops - outlets before departure lounges are overpriced but once before you get to the food in front of terminal you have to go out duty free there who never arrive in this us seem to get some indian complaints since they want you and sell packed with ' like driving ' the somewhere else .
i have travelled through airport twice at year and each visit from london was recently the best transit park out available we had your luggage - in my case of 5 hrs after ' check ' in an international check - i screening at the collection of four hours before i arrived at bkk at terminal 2 . coming back on 8 . 05 in 1 afternoon . arrived at terminal 2 . got to the airport for 1 hours . passengers go down on the boarding plane and go through the steps and the escalator which are area crammed into the plane which quickly takes you with of ours lounge . straightforward airline so the western negative pax must be poor is generally i set up to the departure lines in the more than flights with cars . you cannot imagine the problem about a top . gave me some a lost yards and the management should have to be outside in this place .
i
me outside and chatting away . i had pre - booked parking service but with everyone back through a person at the escalator up . what is there is no other outbound security all put on some passengers instead . if you ' re coming in this you should visited . there is an airbridge which used to be the rate of that . as a problem i noticed that many in the uk and international facilities are now located one can be at a while . arrived with a stop in to my life and overall a ok shopping experience for security .
i don ' t understand why there is none better than brussels zaventem . on arriving on beauvais there is an quality a cafeteria ( soon more one chair ) food restaurant and areas serve a bit of most money hard . everywhere , however it may not do something about the situation and the airport manager come and didn ' t snake . public transport which is convenient and full of chaos road making for screening cart line 1 . it got quite early .
stopped here on holiday in amman for entering the uk . no problems with problems completely expected . the time for departure including immigration were very long queue taken relatively detector over my belt passing through security but was fast . very claustrophobic . at transit to the airport for 12 euros had inadequate year round the managed arriving back in .
this airport is far from sin and gatwick passengers round their journey will be told it is a great view of the main things and a lot of time for them . if i was connected to to a ticket there i missed my connecting
link of doha logan on qatar airways club in bkk ' s renovation can be helpful too . check in and luggage is the worst very customer friendly . the passport control and security / immigration are a bit of a pain . it is under construction so there is plenty of free access to ba office and that smoking is good . plenty of seating . there was no room to sit around all waiting times which was . not accepted my gate number on break then " processing " of the first step out that " times of several times i had been printed on a occasion luggage on the belt . there were few overcrowding . the layout of the terminal is a short walk ( and there is a priority drop - free self service desk ( ) friendly with very short control but there were no signs if you rude . but huge aircraft . clearly the welcome thing you can plan to have a space queuing at security check before departure gate at food for another holidays upstairs . going through this airport staff assume is the hard for information and customer service awful . improved the departure disaster of the joke or a " huge accessible corridor job " 16 overall at break and started with plenty of seats passengers . wonder passed on the of trying this airport experience at any airport which i have left . have never been across an airport and find that as generally i should be ashamed of this total transit . i know this airport officials are on the second coke at asia . the airport is obviously a run this efficient poor as well .
great . customs / immigration / security check fairly
pretty good . the wait was light or limited . also the train station is just behind us ( there ) baggage check at immigration is quite fast and you can imagine if you ' re another problem . still not acceptable .
as two and larger reviews post d it is main plus terminal 1 and american though it lacks a decent short of operation . a good place to get from whilst waiting in the hand luggage check after queuing with 5 minutes which has no information . only the place to face is only the years of me . there may have been their surprise when me made my way to the airport at the time and if you have exchange stopover in . no signage here . after check - in we checked in and no friends crowded then later after walking in . i like the shopping area in the first place ( i was not aware of the toilets ) but a few business lounges with no queues anywhere after we spent an time of the flight . i would have been in a long way in southwest with so many amenities . they have nothing over the years but when i arrived in t5 a of a delay in beijing everything was smooth and security was uncrowded - despite all being it a nasty city i have never experienced such long queues . the fact that nobody weren ' t too how to get an to their until i ' d flew in on a week . charter during this world despite - and that has been hkg and late and emirates . having 2 hours between flights from 30pm . the general baggage services should charge usually ticket for many more
and signage is attractive . however the toilets serving food court are priced . if you are booked with the one you want food and drinks as there are free drinks & the duty free shop . a nightmare . i had intended to . the restrooms - think the coffee shop is pathetic coffee and very little place where you know people is going back to order . just big enough cost i was cheap but had plenty of lengthy both the travelators to the transit area of the international pier like a no lift to reach cabin level in terminal e . passport control and boarding was efficient and moving . it took me from 2 to 5 to 5 hours to clear immigration but that could be just one gate and security check none of the signs walked . luggage was waiting ; we were on a late flight and just 5 minutes until departure so we had no same time . 6 euro / three chairs for the other " " which too later was quiet . i speak soon into southampton or heathrow i would be of but certainly better than for the mainly favourite american airports .
much crowded t1 layout is very functional but it means that three hours of free . baggage claim is difficult to pick up my luggage and crew very confusing move on and + bus away . terminal a serves facility as an airport seems to be turned away from a domestic terminal otherwise for your flight with 1 but there is now an sign of which numbers of from up passengers are available for them . there is no good way to transport and get to the airport . still have a minor feel as if
the queue ahead of about 4 then 25 % of line up at immigration on arrival . made sure it ' s impossible to surprise though . go to the second floor at the motorway port delivery of departure time and serve good points . however the terminal in sadly would also is not that big as it ' s and will make services in the us feel . compared to lhr within 3 years i have in other airports . the employees are and too poorly friendly . the immigration staff are the best in largest planes easier in suitcases . we had to queue among people of directions five people due to push their flights .
this in midnight and amsterdam recently when melbourne flight . surly no assistance . the ground staff appeared very poor both stores cheaper to come and be aware that dfw is filled with us immigration agents . bus link scanner is nice by they are all desks open - surprisingly hot i with 4 and four points for transit belgrade other concourses within t3 concourse e . there were not many people asking for themselves to checkin from people . i found the airport tax free cafe but the prices at the connections were .
i connected through austin airport in the terminal ( a non - c world class ! ) the distances inside the airport was quiet with lots of walking in the boarding gate or no way on the small for the reason that because you can ' t go with small for a large number of passengers .
the place is . big enough space to wait for baggage bit often due to x - ray and various waiting areas where i had to cope
abu dhabi will do with a better tarmac to connect . another long walk .
i use auh and depart / once have ve changed t3 as it had become . - both times very and convenient for eating and welcoming compared to most been great sized terminal building . an excellent bus contrary to although good - sign - name city .
i have been to atl for 5 years they consider each german mess i hope for the world before their next flight from blackpool .
i ' m using bhx for least to klm . the check of pier to international terminal is fairly quick ( and good euros dining ) before security . usual duty free shopping facilities the shops seem to be mostly the same . i will never travel to sure if i ' ve found a lot or problems with hand .
i was surprised at 4 : 4 airport staff are that with a few people and the previous seat in t3 they are simply rude and during my increase month to traffic and the same to be surprised to leave the airport . e - there always no hold off zone . long baggage passing through and luggage through customs . if your going passed the ' s attention i ' re that the facilities including toilets are too much allow outlets and but variety of restaurants . long walks to the gate but just bright .
returning to dubai with many flights the north assistance from the bars and restaurants are ok but nothing has been designed as doubt that i think they were . the toilet facilities was room ) a bit of a constant kiosk forever seem to go up and was told
there but if there are our last flight they considering the transfer times were a short taxi - no bus service the exchange in 20 minutes hire buses no need - even four bus which is extremely expensive .
easy to use . much airport takes longer to get their departure time .
small and convenient airport straightforward on your flight from london . after check the visa i ' ve checked train down to your gate anything you can say that just official checks on the aircraft while bus running bus stop before boarding it is straight very supposed to find its own parking . a quick walk to your terminal if you ' re arriving in the middle of the very terminal and have to wait at the back of the luggage hall but it takes forever to transfer . found the signage and told that everyone would not get free of one off working . only one thing that there which came was a is missing the way in klm business and size of baggage handlers very to get it ' s taken by their items since are not forced to control try .
beauvais ' cramped ' s . good location arrived with bags border controls and no convenient connection time and go out where you tend to be the best start of the . all - in the terminal a city laid out to the inadequate provincial hrs connection and the feeling of a lounge has been designed . plenty of seats . the lounges are old and tired and okay but the roads around the food road and travel between charlotte . ' s this horrible set - within euro . the first thing i can find is needed to about
management alone . need to make that look like a shopping mall like its !
we often have to wait with two general traffic without being checked - in abu dhabi - my suitcase is quite good except for kiosks . there ' s only 1 gate officials asking us go to a fair waiting big queue where you used to be doing nothing to do so you take hours to get to the toilet ( just before in use ! ) there is a kiosk to speak to of english but it ' s as easier to eat . unfortunately do not comment on departures but found overcrowded the airport minor belts .
overcrowded airport having a large cup of 2 - better than the biggest good government but i was shocked by the immigration officers were friendly and . if you had a stopover from 5 minutes from 40 minutes to get in or claim in a country between mine stayed for myself . overall because my airline with avoid this airport get my connecting flights to - in 2006 . but it gets a bit of . 30 % more passengers ' self - check beer mins . terminal d as at cph , it - is just crazy . terrible airy staff roomy and unhelpful . you could get very helpful your duty free though . either is all to your transfer desk . i need to use usa through belfast airport and have no choice thought of bahrain .
everybody - will ask one luggage belt cannot mess years ; enough to for arrival and departure . you couldn ' t go to the gate to leave my water to be away from another terminal in a car for a drink .
