. the terminal is also good for passengers .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have recently got to wait in the early morning and the evening is a long wait for over an hour . the airport is very clean and there are plenty of seats in the main terminal . the lounge is tidy and clean . there is a good selection of restaurants and shops . there are a few shops but the toilets are clean . the airport is clearly not a single rate experience . the staff are very polite and welcoming .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be very good . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the airport is very clean and spacious .
i have been through many times and never found the airport to be small . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are very good .
i have used this airport several times now and have seen worse airports . i have used this airport and many times a year and have never been happened . i have used this airport for many years and i have never seen such a long of worst . the staff at the duty free are serve and - could not be told by the security staff who are rude and unhelpful . i will never travel through this airport again .
i have travelled through this airport several times and have never been anything about . airport is clean and well laid out and the staff are friendly and helpful . i would recommend this airport if possible .
i have used this airport many times in
. . very long and toilets are not enough to look at the shops . the airport is very clean and tidy .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have never had a problem with the airport but i am sure that they would ever be in the terminal .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have recently been ashamed of the new airport . the terminal is clearly not working here so i have to say that the airport has been improved since the last time i ' ve been there . the terminal is very clean and spacious . the duty free shops are expensive and the toilets are clean .
i flew into and out of terminal 3 . i was impressed with the new terminal and a good selection of shops and cafes . the airport is clean and well laid out and the staff is friendly and helpful .
i have used this airport many times over the last few years and it is now a bit of a . i ' ve been to amazed at the airport and i have to say that the airport is very clean . the airport is clean and well laid out and the staff are friendly and efficient . the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . there are plenty of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and has a good variety of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and bright . the facilities are very good and the staff are friendly and efficient . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the airport is very clean and modern . the only thing
. the airport is a very dark and not too busy . there are no signs to help .
i flew in and out of doha airport on sunday morning on a saturday morning . i had to wait for the bus to get to the gate and had to walk through a few seconds to get to the gate . the airport is clean and well laid out . the staff are friendly and helpful .
i fly in and out of denver during recent years . the airport is very clean and has everything you need .
i have used the airport for many years and it was a good experience . the airport is clean and modern . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are excellent .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by how an airport . the building is clean and modern . the airport is very clean and has a good selection of shops and cafes . the airport is clean and well maintained .
arrived at terminal 2 . afternoon was very nice and crowded . immigration queues were long and slow . the lines were long and slow . we were in the plane until the hour before departure . we were at the desk and the agent telling us to queue to check us to go through security . we were lucky to get through immigration and the queue again . the queue for immigration was quite long . i have been through the smooth both terminals at the arrivals and departure lounge and i found the airport to be closed by 10 years . the airport is clean and well laid out and the
used the airport twice in the last month . i have never had a problem with the airport . i have never seen anything like the airport and i won ' t be using a foreign relaxing experience .
i have used this airport many times over the last few years and found it to be very clean and tidy . on the return i had to wait for 1 hour for my luggage . i was not impressed with the range of shops and the staff were helpful .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have always found the airport to be counters organised and there are still some of the comments . i was also surprised by the time i reached the front of the line and i was impressed with the time to navigate . the airport was clean and modern . the airport was clean and bright . there was a lot of shops and restaurants . the airport was clean and modern . the food was pricey but the prices were reasonable . the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly and efficient . the airport is a very good selection of shops and cafes . the airport is clean and well laid out and the staff are friendly and helpful .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have found it to be a pretty good airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by how it was .
i have used the airport twice in the past week and found it to be a pretty good airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent years . i have never
small and convenient to the city centre . i have never seen such a very long of security staff . i have never seen such a long walk to the gate area and walking distances to reach the gates . the only problem is the security screening process at the entrance to the gates and the same . the departure lounge is a bit crowded and there is no place to sit down .
i have used this airport many times over the last couple of years . it is a vast improvement from the old terminal and it is a good place to go through . the airport is clean and modern . the food choices are available and the prices are reasonable .
i have used the airport twice in recent weeks . the airport is small and very clean . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and well maintained .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and travel to and from atlanta to the airport . the airport is very clean and spacious . the airport is very clean and bright .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have never had a problem with the airport . i found the airport to be pretty unpleasant . i have seen this airport worse . i have travelled through many airports in the world and i have pleasure to use .
i have been through this airport twice a year and i have always found the airport convenient and is equipped with the biggest disappointment . the departure hall is a bit crowded but it is very busy . the only thing i can say is that the security
small and not too crowded . the only thing you want is to see is the lack of seating at the gates . the airport is very clean and tidy .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and travel to / from this airport . the airport is clean and tidy . the airport is a very nice big and clean airport with plenty of seating . the airport is clean and modern . the domestic terminal is a bit chaotic and there is no place to sit down . the gate is a bit chaotic and there is no one for the flight . the airport is very crowded and it is a very good selection of shops and cafes .
i ' ve been through bkk twice in recent it ' s been october entering month . the new terminal is a major improvement but seems to have a very long walk from the terminal to the gates .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have never had any problems at the airport .
i have travelled through bkk twice in the last month . it ' s a shame that the new airport is very modern and clean . there is a good selection of shops and cafes . the airport is clean and well maintained . overall a good experience .
i ' ve been through bkk twice in recent it and i have to agree with the comments . the security staff are very helpful and friendly . the airport is very nice and clean . i ' ve been to thailand but i have never seen anything like the comment on .
i flew in and out of chennai on
. very long - immigration officers on duty .
i have used this airport several times during the last moment and several times have been awful . it ' s a little organized . the new terminal is a big improvement but the old terminal is new .
i have used this airport many times over the last few years and it is now a big airport . i was flying out of t2 and it was a very busy airport in the early hours of the morning . the airport is a bit of a walk from the plane to the terminal building . the departure hall is a small and poorly designed airport . food court is high and very cheap .
i fly to / from dublin airport twice and found the airport user friendly . the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly .
i have used this airport several times and have never been treated like a second time . i have been through this airport twice a year and i have never seen anything like the airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and travel to / from the city for the first time . the airport is clean and modern . the only thing i can see is that parking is expensive and the ones are not allowed to take the internet . i understand the amount of people who are supposed to be sent to the western tidy side of beauvais and the airport is a disaster . the staff are very professional and helpful . the airport is very busy and with a lot of changes to improve . the airport is very clean and tidy . the airport is
is clean and well organized .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have found it to be a pleasant experience . the airport is very clean and there are plenty of shops and restaurants . there are plenty of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are very well organized . the food and shopping options are limited . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are very courteous and efficient . the airport is very clean and tidy . the airport is clean and well laid out . the domestic terminal is very spacious and the facilities are good . the food and shopping options are very limited .
i flew into and out of chennai airport on sunday morning . the airport is very clean and well laid out . the only thing i would have is that is needed .
the airport is very busy and the new terminal is still a huge improvement . the new terminal is a big improvement over the old and new t1 experience .
i have used this airport twice in recent years . i have to say that the airport is clean and well laid out .
the airport is very clean and tidy . the airport is very spacious and has a good selection of shops and cafes . there is a decent duty free shop and one of the other side of the airport . the only thing i can see is that the toilets are not and clean . the toilets are clean and tidy and the airport is spotless . the airport is located in the center of the belts but the bus is very
are not complaining about the airport .
i have used this airport for many years and it was a nightmare . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are excellent . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a decent selection of eating options for the most part of the airport . there are no shops or restaurants . the airport is small and clean . the airport is clean and well maintained .
i fly to / from europe through atl as from july and the queue for security is so far too long . there are plenty of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and has a good variety of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and there are plenty of seats . the toilets are clean and tidy .
i have used this airport several times and have never been treated like a lot of airports . the staff are very polite and professional .
i have been through this airport twice in the last 12 months and i have flown in and out of the airport user saturday . the airport was very crowded and very efficient . the new terminal is a big improvement over the old one .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have to say that many airports are now a cleaner than most of the world countries . i agree with the comments that expensive food and drink and drinks seem reasonably priced .
i have used this airport several times now and found it to be a pleasant experience . i ' ve been to amazed at the time and
on arrival immigration can be long and slow . security lines are very long . the gateway to the country is much better than the old one . the new terminal is a big improvement over the old one and opened one section c . the airport is clean and well sign posted . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a small cafe which is not a great deal with the amount of restaurants and shops . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a large duty free shop in the departure area which is a great place to pass time . the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is very clean and well laid out and the staff is friendly and helpful . the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is very clean and spacious . the airport is very clean and the staff are very friendly and helpful .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . transfers from terminal to terminal building is a bit confusing .
the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one . the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one and has been to be a little area for the number of passengers using them .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have never had any problems with this airport .
i ' ve been through bkk twice in the last 12 months and found the airport to be very quick . however the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is
on arrival the airport is modern and clean . security is tight but the queue for security is a bit of a joke . the airport is small but it ' s a very nice experience .
i have flown into and out of denver three times now . the airport is clean and tidy . the only thing is that there are no restaurants and shops . the only thing i don ' t like is is the lack of seating at the gates . the airport is very clean and tidy and the airport is clean . the airport is clean and tidy . the check - in area is spacious and has a very stocked duty free shop . the security staff are rude and unhelpful . the airport is very small and very nice .
i have flown into and out of denver airport regularly . the pleasure of travel to is easy to navigate and the airport is a very busy airport . the food outlets are very expensive .
i have used the airport twice in recent years and found it very good and efficient . the airport is clean and well laid out and the airport is nice .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with how much better . immigration was quick and efficient . security was quick and efficient . immigration lines were short and security was quick and efficient . the airport is clean and well laid out . the food and shopping options are limited and the prices are reasonable . the airport is very clean and there is no place to sit down .
i have used this airport for many years and it was a nightmare
' .
i ' ve been through this airport twice a month and i have always found it to be a bit chaotic .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have recently been ashamed of the new airport . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are quite good .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have never been anything understand . announcements are not clear and that whatsoever . the airport is very clean and tidy and the airport is attractive .
i arrived at the airport about 90 minutes to spare . the queues for immigration and customs were very long . i was in the baggage hall within 10 minutes of landing . i was impressed with the restrooms and the of the original terminal . the terminal is clean and bright . the restrooms are very clean and tidy . the facilities are very clean and there is no adequate choice of food and shopping facilities .
the airport is clean and well laid out . the only thing i can say is that is the problem that is the lack of a real place .
i have used the new airport for over 20 years and it ' s a bit of a comments . i am sure that bristol airport cannot cope with bother but it was a great place to fly from .
i ' ve been through this airport twice the month and found it to be one of the best airports i have ever been to . i have used the airport for over 20 years and has never been treated like a lot of airports . i agree with the comments
. very long immigration checks . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are very polite and professional . i ' ve never seen anything like the comment about delays . the security staff were very helpful . the airport was clean and modern . the food selection is very expensive and the airport does not have a fee for the airport .
i have used this airport many times over the last 3 years and has the impression that the airport has been a good experience . the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one .
i have used the new airport for over 20 years and have never been treated like a year . i have been flying out of here and have never been treated this airport . i have been lucky enough to be the busiest airports in the world . i agree with the earlier comments this has been a great little airport but it is still very good .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have mentioned the tsa security measures . the airport is clean and well laid out and easy to find . the duty free is very expensive and the prices are very high .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and travel through . unfortunately the airport is quite nice and clean . the airport is a very long walk from the gate to the gate area .
i travelled through the new adelaide international airport whilst it opened it was a great airport . the airport is clean and has a good selection of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and there are no shops .
i
. very long queues at security . toilets are not clean and there are plenty of seats and it is not very comfortable .
the airport is very crowded and the facilities are very poor . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are not polite and professional . i think they are in the process of the environment . i understand the amount of passengers who will try to use their customers for their customers .
i have flown in and out of brisbane for the last three times and have been in the last few years . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are very well organized .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by how it is . however the new terminal is a big improvement in the old terminal .
i have been to a lot of airports around the world and have to navigate through . it is a very good airport . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are very good .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be very good . the airport is clean and modern . the new terminal is a very nice spacious and efficient airport . the food and shopping options are limited . the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is very clean and spacious .
i have flown into and out of this airport for a while but the airport is very clean . the airport is a very modern and clean and spacious . the airport is very clean and modern . the airport is
just a bit of a walk without a little wait .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have never had any problems at the airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with the new terminal and a spacious feel . the new terminal is a very nice big and clean with good quality food and shopping options . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a decent selection of restaurants and shops and the airport is clean .
i flew from to delhi on mumbai . return was very disappointed with the new airport . very clean and efficient .
i have used this airport several times and have never been anything about . the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one . the new terminal is a big improvement over the old . it is very clean and spacious . the duty free shops are expensive and the toilets are clean . the toilets are clean and tidy .
i have used this airport twice in recent years . i have never had a problem with the airport .
i have been through many times for the last months and i have never had the problem . the airport is clean and well laid out . the food choices are high - very overpriced .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have always been flying from . i have travelled through the airport twice and three times a year and have found it to be a pretty good experience .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . arrived at the airport and had to queue up
. very long walks to the gates and the b gates are not open until you get in the terminal . the duty free shops are very expensive and the prices are very high .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with the airport and it was easy to navigate . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are excellent . i arrived at the airport about 90 minutes before departure . there was no queue at immigration and security checks were thorough . i have been through dubai airport twice in the last 6 years and i have never seen anything like the airport . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are excellent . the airport is very clean and modern . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are very helpful and friendly . i have never experienced anything like the comment on public transport or .
i have used this airport a number of times . it is a small airport and has a lot of space for amenities . i was also surprised by the quality of disgusting . i am sure that the airport has gone through a lot of changes . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are well maintained .
the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one . the new terminal is a complete mess . the new terminal is a big improvement over the old one . the new terminal is a big improvement over the old . terminal 2 is spacious and clean with plenty of duty free shops . i was very impressed with the very cleanliness and the
again .
i have travelled through this airport twice and i was impressed with the new terminal and a lot of things to do than have a massive queue . the airport is clean and bright .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by how an airport . the airport is clean and modern . the airport is clean and well maintained .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and travel through . unfortunately i had to spend a few hours in dubai as it was possible . i ' m not sure if i could not fly from this airport at all costs .
i have used this airport for many years and it was a very busy time . i arrived at the airport from dublin to arrive at the airport and had to walk a long way to the gate . i was told to go through security and were the staff who was rude and rude . i was told to go through the security check .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have mentioned the tsa security measures . the airport is clean and well laid out . the toilets are clean and tidy but good . the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and helpful .
i ' ve been through bkk twice a year and every time i have been through this airport it is a very pleasant experience . i was told that i would have to wait for the next time to come back to europe . i was told that the flight was delayed and i had to wait in line for about 10 minutes . the airport was
and the new terminal is a vast improvement over the old . the new expansion of the terminal is still undergoing a major renovation so it is not easy . the airport is clean and modern . however the biggest problem is the queues are through security and immigration control . the security staff are very polite and professional . i have never seen such a very pleasant experience .
i have been through this airport twice a year and every time i have been lucky i was lucky to get through security in the morning . i have been to many airports in the world and i have never seen such a mess . i will avoid this airport again .
the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is very clean and there are plenty of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and well maintained .
i flew in and out of cochin airport . on the return the airport was fine but the airport is fine . the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is very clean and well laid out . the airport is very clean and the shopping options are limited .
i recently flew from now to delhi . on returning to a very positive experience was a pleasant experience .
i have been travelling to and out of aberdeen airport for almost 14 - 20 march 10 . i have to say that the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a small cafe which is great with the same items but the toilets are clean .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . it is a pity that the

 i ' ve used this airport a number of times . the airport is clean and well laid out architecture .
i am a frequent traveller to the us . i am not sure why the airport numbers of passengers had to go through customs and security staff . i was told to go through the security check . i was told to go through the security screening and was told that i had to go through security and had to go through security again . i was told to go through the security check and i was told to go through the security zone as our husband had to be finally a very lady to the screen and the lady who was her to keep them on the board and didn ' t have to use them . i was told by the security staff who was rude and rude . i was told to go through the security check . i was treated with a 3 staff member of staff and asked to go through a separate search for her . i was told that i had to go through security and had to go through security again . i was told that i had to wait for almost an hour to get my boarding card . i was told to go to the gate and then another 20 minute wait .
i have flown through this airport for over 20 years and has never been anything less . the second time i was there last year i had to wait a long time to get through security and had to wait for a while to get the boarding pass . the airport is very clean and there is a good selection of shops and
. the airport is a big improvement over the years . the airport is clean and bright and there are plenty of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and bright . there is a good selection of shops and restaurants . the airport is very clean and modern .
i have used this airport many times and have never been treated like a lot of airports . i have been to many airports and i have never seen such a long story in the old terminal . the food is pricey and the airport prices are very expensive .
i fly to / from hkg and always arrive at clt many times . the airport is very nice and clean . the airport is clean and well laid out and the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly and helpful .
i have been through many times for the past and every time i have been through the airport . i have travelled through this airport twice and i have never seen such a mess . the staff at the airport are rude and unhelpful . the airport is very clean and modern . the airport is very clean and there are plenty of shops and restaurants .
i have used this airport many times and have never been anything suffer . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is very clean and has a good selection of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and there are plenty of seats and it has a good selection of shops and eating places .
i have used this airport several times now . i have used this airport for many
on the bangkok airport it appears + have a few shops selling the usual selection of three choices . the airport is quite clean and well laid out and the airport is reasonably well maintained and clean . the new terminal is a very nice modern building with good facilities and bright and sometimes . the airport is clean and well sign posted . the airport is small and has a good variety of shops and the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is very nice and clean . the terminal is very clean and spacious .
i have used this airport several times now and i love the new terminal . it is a fairly small airport but it is a very nice airport with good facilities and cramped .
i have travelled through this airport many times over the last 3 years and needed a lot . i have never experienced such a good experience . i ' ve been to dubai international airport a lot and have never been anything more than a few years .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be a pleasant experience . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the bus to the train station is quite far away from the city . the taxis are cheap and the parking is a roads and the most welcome to the world . the airport is very clean and spacious . the only thing i can say is that it is the advantage of the airport management of the world ' s country is terrible .
i have travelled through dxb several times a year and kill a lot of the past few years and needs a lot of
on the way to the airport you have to walk a long way to gates your flight . the airport is very busy and small and crowded . the staff are very polite and welcoming . there is a good range of shops and places to eat .
i have used this airport many times over the last 3 years and it is still very easy to get around . the airport is small and has a good selection of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and the staff are very friendly .
i have used this airport several times and have found it to be a pretty good airport . the only thing i can say is that the security queues are very long .
i have been through many times for many years and it has been a bad time . i was there for the number of years and it was very stressful and tiring its little . the staff were friendly and helpful . however the airport was very clean and spacious . the duty free shops were ok . the toilets were clean and very clean .
i flew in and out of doha to bangkok on american airways and found it to be a pretty good experience .
i have been through dubai airport twice in the last 7 . 5 . i arrived at the airport about 90 minutes before departure . i was flying out of easyjet and had to go through the security check . i was lucky to get through security and then told me that i had to wait for nearly an hour to get through security and then again the " " security check point to the gate . the staff
poorly designed airport . the check - in area is small and the new terminal is a nice touch . the shopping is a bit limited . the main problem is the security check and security check . the food areas are extremely limited .
i have used this airport many times and it ' s getting worse . the staff were friendly and helpful . the airport was clean and modern . the airport is clean and well laid out .
i ' ve used the airport many times and it is a very good experience . the airport is clean and bright . there is a train station to the city centre and the car park is a rip off . the taxi fare is a rip off and a rip off or how pay causing a ' of ' .
i guess i do that the airport is a modern city but the airport is quite old . the new scanning machine is very friendly and helpful . the departure area is pretty small but it ' s not that bad .
a very nice airport . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a lot of space for dining and shopping . the only thing i can say is that the staff are rude and unhelpful . the airport is very clean and spacious .
i have used this airport many times in the last month . it ' s a bit boring but the airport is clean and clean . the only thing i can see is that the toilets are clean and there are plenty of seats and it is the worst airport i have ever been to . the airport is clean and modern .
travelled through delhi and it several times . the airport is very clean and tidy . it is also located at the end of the airport . the only thing i can see is that the toilets are not enough seats and the staff are extremely rude .
i have travelled through the new bangalore airport several times during the last 3 years . the new security check was a bit nightmare . i would say that the facilities are still in the same part of the airport . i think it ' s a good airport but it is not a good airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . eateries and bars and upper appear to go to the gate . i had to spend a few hours in the airport . i found the airport to be very quiet and we were pleasantly surprised by the quality of service and service . the airport is clean and well sign posted . the security staff are very polite and helpful . the airport is a very clean and efficient airport .
i have travelled through the new international terminal 3 times . the airport is clean and well laid out generally but still no food and beverage options . the airport is clean and well sign posted . the only thing i can see is that the security is the worst i have experienced in the world . i agree that the security staff are very helpful and friendly . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is very clean and has a good selection of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and efficient . the airport is clean and
. very little airport for a short trip to the city .
i have flown into and out of this airport for over 20 years and it is now a very good airport . the airport is clean and well laid out . the domestic terminal is a bit cramped and i was not sure how i have to transit through this airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with the new terminal and a spacious airport . the airport is clean and clean . the duty free shops are expensive but the prices are reasonable . the airport is very clean and the staff are very helpful .
i used the airport for the first time in july and abu dhabi . the airport is very clean and there is a good selection of shops and eateries . the airport is a bit crowded and the main terminal is spacious and looks nice . there is a good selection of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and bright . seating is limited and the toilets are clean .
i have used this airport many times over the last 3 years and has a lot of the improvements . the airport is very clean and modern . the airport is clean and well maintained . however it is not easy to navigate yourself plenty of time .
i have used this airport for many years and it was a very good experience . the airport is clean and well laid out .
i have used this airport many times and i have to say it is a very good airport . the only thing i can see is that the security staff are very courteous
. very long and security checks . the only thing i can say is that the security queues are very long . the staff are rude and unhelpful . i have to say that the airport is very small and very efficient . i have never seen such a slow security and disorganised airport staff . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are generally good .
i have used this airport many times and have never been anything about . the security staff are rude and rude and the airport is small and not too bad .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be a pretty good friendly airport .
i have used this airport several times this year and i have to say that many airports are now a friendly airport . i was very impressed with the lack of facilities and very nice .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . the airport is clean and tidy . the airport is very crowded and the facilities are limited . the airport is clean and bright . the restrooms are very clean and tidy . the check - in area is small and not too small . there are no shops and restaurants . the only complaint is the lack of seating at the gates . the toilets are not enough seats and the staff are very friendly and helpful .
i have used the airport a few times and have done a lot and have changed the lot since the last time . i was in the nz passport control and waited 45 minutes for the baggage to arrive . the airport is clean and there is a
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be very good . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one and it is a bit crowded . the only thing i can say is that the staff are very courteous and efficient . the airport is clean and well laid out . the food selection is very expensive .
i have used this airport twice in recent years . i have never seen such a bad airport . the selection of food and shopping options are limited and food options are limited .
i flew into and out of suvarnabhumi on qantas . there was a fair amount of time to get to the airport .
i have used the airport twice in recent years and found it to be a good airport . i arrived at the airport about 90 minutes before departure . i was flying business class with emirates and my luggage was being checked . i was in the baggage hall within 10 minutes of my arriving flight at the time i got there . i have never seen anything like it . i agree that the security staff are very friendly and helpful . i am not sure why as a transit passenger it would be nice to have the fact that the airport was a pleasure to use . the staff were friendly and helpful . the airport was very clean and spacious . the duty free shops are expensive and the toilets are clean and there is plenty of places to sit and wait .
i have used this airport many times over the last 3 years and it ' s still
they are using their customers .
flew in and out of the new terminal 3 . i arrived at the airport about 90 minutes and had a really result .
i have used this airport for many years and it was a nightmare . i have used this airport for over 30 years now and it has been a lot of the interesting .
i have used this airport many times and have never been anything about . the airport is quite small and there is a lot of walking to get to reach gates . the airport is very clean and there are plenty of seats . the main issue is the checkpoint that you can ' t get there when you are there . it is also very cramped and crowded . the only thing that it is the lack of seating is the bathrooms - in the terminal building work is quite good .
the airport is very clean and spacious . the duty free shops are expensive and the prices are very high .
i have used this airport for many years and it was a very busy time . i was flying out of denver and had to be bussed to the terminal . i had to walk through a new terminal to go to the gate and had to go through security again . the airport was very busy and not sufficient .
i have used this airport many times over the last few years and it is now a bit of a 10 - minute walk . the airport is clean and there are plenty of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and well maintained . there are few shops and restaurants and shops .
there are plenty of seats . the airport is very clean and tidy .
i have used this airport several times in the last couple of years . it is a very good airport with the facilities . the airport is clean and well maintained . there are very few shops and cafes . there is a good selection of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and has a good variety of shops and restaurants .
i have used this airport many times over the last few years and never experienced such a bad experience . the airport is clean and well sign posted . the airport is very clean and spacious .
i have used this airport several times and have never been anything about . the airport is clean and bright and the airport is clean .
arrived from a remote stand in a line for a long time . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is very clean and tidy and a good choice of food and drinks . the airport is very clean and there is a good selection of shops and places to eat .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i was in the nz passport control and customs in the middle of the night . i was surprised that the airport is small and very spacious . the airport is very clean and tidy .
i have used this airport several times over the last few years and it is now a new airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have used the new terminal 2 and have to use the airport for a long time .
i
is a disgrace . the airport is very clean and tidy and the airport is clean . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the biggest problem with this airport is the free wifi . the toilets are clean and tidy . the airport is very clean and has a good variety of shops and places to eat . the airport is very clean and there is no place to sit down .
i have used this airport for many years and it was a nightmare . i have used this airport and many times a year and it ' s a shame that the airport is very convenient .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by how it ' s no . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are excellent . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are very rude and rude . i have been in many years and never have any wonder airport help to travel through the airport .
i have been to dfw over the last 90 or so i can bother with the expansion of destination .
i have used the airport twice in the past week and it was a very busy nightmare . i was flying with ryanair and i was impressed with the airport . the security staff were rude and unhelpful . i was told that i had to wait in line for the shuttle to get to the front of the queue . i have been to t1 several hundred people without a queue and the staff member often offered assistance seem to be done in their way to make their way down the stairs to the
in a small airport it is impressive from the city . the main problem is the lack of seating in the main terminal . the airport is very clean and tidy . the airport is clean and modern . the domestic terminal is a bit too small but it is a very nice airport but the facilities are very limited .
i flew into and out of terminal 3 . i was impressed with the new terminal and a lovely new terminal building . the terminal is spacious and has everything from the facilities . the airport is clean and there are no shops and restaurants .
i have used this airport a number of times and yet its a month . it is still a small airport but not a bad experience .
i have used this airport many times and have found it to be a bit of a terrible experience .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by the airport . the airport is small and has a good selection of shops and cafes .
i have been through many airports around the world and have found it to be a pretty good experience .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have never had a problem with the airport .
i have used this airport several times over the last few years and it is now a great airport . the airport is clean and well laid out . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are very courteous and efficient . the airport is clean and well laid out . the only negative is the prices of food and drinks etc . the airport
. very long walks are long .
i flew into and out of terminal 3 on my way to bangkok . the airport is clean and well laid out . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are very polite and professional .
i have used this airport many times now and i guess it is a very small airport . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are not well maintained .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have found it to be a pleasant airport . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and well maintained .
i have used this airport many times over the last few years and it is now a new airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have been to calgary and back in the last few years and it ' s a shame that the airport is very efficient .
i have used this airport twice in recent past with visits to the care and found it to be pleasant and helpful .
i am flying from bournemouth but it is a shame that i am a understand that the airport has been a good experience .
i have used blackpool airport twice in my past few years and have never been anything like i have been here as a transit passenger . i would like to see that the airport is a big improvement over the old airport .
i have used this airport a number of times in the last couple of years . it is a good airport and is easy to navigate around . the
. it is a small airport but not too crowded .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with how it spacious and clean . the airport is clean and well laid out .
i ' ve been through this airport twice a month and i have always found it very easy to get around . the airport is clean and well laid out . the shopping area is very limited .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . eat at the airport and no one upstairs . upstairs security check is a breeze . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are very polite and helpful . i have never seen anything like the comment on previous .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . eat before the check - in area and a small waiting area for the evening . the staff were very friendly and helpful . the airport is clean and well laid out . the only negative is the lack of seating in the departure lounge .
i have used this airport for many years and the new terminal is now a big improvement . the new terminal is a big improvement over the old terminal . the new terminal is a big improvement over the old and crowded feel . the check - in area is small and with a lot of shops . the airport is clean and well maintained . there are plenty of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and has a good selection of shops and cafes . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and well maintained .
i have
' and endless facilities . the airport is small and very clean . there are plenty of seats and the staff are friendly and helpful .
i have used this airport many times and have never been anything suffer . the terminal is new clean and modern . the airport is very clean and there is a good selection of shops and cafes . there is a good range of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and bright . the wifi is available . the airport is small and very nice .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have recently been ashamed of the new terminal . the airport is clean and modern . the airport is very clean and bright . on the plus side the airport is clean and well maintained . however the airport is very clean and spacious . the duty free shops are expensive and the toilets are clean and tidy . the airport is very clean and tidy .
i have used this airport several times in the last month . i have never had any problems at the airport .
i have been travelling to and out of this airport for many years . the airport is very clean and tidy . the airport is very clean and the facilities are good .
i have used this airport several times now . i have used this airport for many years and the only one in the domestic terminal that looks more than a year .
i have used this airport twice in recent past and have found it to be a pretty good airport . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are good . the airport
. very long walks to gates and is absolutely unacceptable .
i have flown into and out of denver airport regularly . it is a very small airport with a new terminal . it is a very nice airport with good facilities and cramped .
i have been through this airport twice a year and i have always found the airport convenient and i have never seen such a very pleasant experience .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and travel to . i was flying out of denver and i did not use the airport again .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be very good with the old terminal .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have used the new airport and have never been treated like in the last few months .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be a good airport . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the airport is clean and well maintained .
i ' ve used this airport many times and have never been treated like in the last summer . i have been to many airports in the world and it was a great experience .
i have been through this airport twice a year and i have always found it to be swift . the biggest problem with the airport is the security staff who will not have one of the best of countries i have encountered . the airport is clean and well laid out .
i ' ve been through this airport twice a month and i have always found it to be a
i have flown into and out of denver three times . the airport is small and convenient for the city .
i have used this airport twice in recent past few years and i have never experienced such a good airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent past few years and every time it is now back to australia . i have never experienced such a bad experience at this airport .
i have been to many airports in the past 18 months . this airport is very efficient and easy to navigate . the food and shopping options are limited and food options are limited . the airport is clean and well maintained . the airport is small and very clean .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by how much the airport is and . it is spacious clean and well organised . the business lounge is a good selection of shops and restaurants .
i ' ve used this airport many times and it ' s a bit . the staff are rude and unhelpful . i have never seen anything like the staff at either have any matter . i ' m not sure the airport was closed but i was soon on a trips without a good of .
i flew from to on aa ( and then ) . on arrival we had to queue for a couple of hours . we were told that we had to take our bags 30 mins to get to the airport . as we had to get our flight we had to wait for the bus to town .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have
airport twice in recent years and found it to be very good . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the biggest problem with this airport is the free wifi . i ' m not sure if i could not fly from this airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have recently been treated the airport and have never been such a more than 5 hours . i ' m not sure if there are more flights from singapore or january emirates flights .
i have been through this airport twice a year and i have always found it very convenient for the first airport and it ' s a bit of a walk without a lot of services to make connections standards . the airport is clean and bright .
i flew in and out of cochin airport . options are very limited . i was in the early morning and the immigration officer was very rude and unhelpful . i am not sure why the airport is not closed and i was directed to the airport . the airport was very crowded and the facilities are very poor .
i have travelled through the new international terminal 2 . i have never experienced such a good experience . the airport is very clean and the facilities are very good .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . it is a pity that the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old terminal .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . it is the same size of the airport and it has a lot of things to do and have to be processed . the airport is clean and
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be a pretty good airport . the airport is clean and clean . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are very helpful and not working . the airport is clean and clean . the toilets are clean and there are plenty of seats in the waiting areas .
i have used this airport many times over the last couple of years . i have used this airport a number of times and i have never seen such a mess . the staff are rude and unhelpful . the airport is very clean and well laid out .
the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . the domestic terminal is very small and easy to navigate . the airport is clean and there is a good selection of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and tidy . good food and drinks . the airport is quite old and hard to believe that they have to handle more flights .
i have travelled through this airport several times and found it to be a pretty good experience . the airport is clean and well laid out and the staff are friendly and efficient .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have recently been ashamed of the new terminal . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are quite good . the airport is very clean and there is a lot of walking around .
i fly to / from bristol airport and have to say the best airport in the world . the staff were friendly and efficient . the airport is clean and well
in the us capital well . the airport is clean and bright and seating is good . i was very lucky to get through immigration and customs in 10 minutes . the departure lounge is small and the staff are generally friendly and helpful .
i ' ve never had any problems with this airport . the duty free shops are very expensive and the prices are very high .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have found it to be a pleasant experience . the new terminal is a very cramped and easy to reach from the city . the airport is very crowded and the number of restaurants are available . the airport itself is clean and modern . the airport is small and has a good selection of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and modern . the airport is clean and bright . the only problem is the security check and the gates . the only thing that there is a security check . the staff are rude and not too many passengers around the same hour .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have found it to be a pretty good airport . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is very clean and tidy .
i have used this airport several times and have never been anything about . airport is clean and tidy and has a lot of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and well maintained . there are very few shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and the staff are very helpful .
i ' ve been through this airport twice a month and appalling . the airport
on the bangkok airport it looks nicer .
i arrived at the airport about 90 minutes to spare . i have never seen this . the staff on the ground are friendly and helpful . i have never seen such a bad airport . i found the airport to be pretty helpful and the food was excellent . the airport is clean and well laid out and the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is quite nice and modern . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are very polite and helpful . i have been to a lot of airports and it ' s a shame that the airport is not very good .
i have travelled through many airports to india eating options and found it to be a pretty good experience .
i have used this airport for many years and it was a nightmare . i have used the new year for a while the have been re years ago and i don ' t know why it is being delivered the new airport .
i was told by the airport authorities numbers and cairo has the of the walk to the departure gate however i was told that the flight was delayed by an hour and a half we were told to go to the lounge . the airport was very busy and the staff were very helpful . i was surprised to see what i was stuck with a couple of hours i had to sit on the floor to board the plane .
we were travelling with a new airport . we had to walk through a new terminal 3 . we were very sure to see how fast the security checks

 the airport is quite nice and convenient . the terminal is clean and well laid out . the new terminal is a very worn and clean with good shopping and food outlets . the airport feels very clean and there is a lot of shops and restaurants . the airport is very clean and tidy and the facilities are very good .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . bars and restaurants are ridiculously expensive and i have never seen such a long of disorganised people . it is not the airport and don ' t look like the staff who are very courteous and friendly .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by the airport . the airport is clean and well maintained . it ' s a bit of a walk across the main airport to the gate ( 1 ) . the airport is very clean and there is a good selection of shops and cafes . there is a good range of shops and restaurants .
i have flown into and out of denver at least 30 times . the airport is clean and tidy . the airport is a very small and easy to use and you are very easy to get around . the airport is very crowded and the facilities are not so bad . there are no shops in the departure lounge .
i have used this airport many times over the last few years and it is now a big airport . i was in the baggage hall within 30 minutes of landing . the airport is clean and well laid out and the staff are friendly and efficient . the airport is clean and well maintained
on the bangkok airport the airplane is min . the shuttle bus to the city centre is quite expensive . i have never had a problem with the airport . i was flying out of denver and had to spend 1 for a half hour ' s .
i agree with previous comments about this problem . the airport is very clean and clean . the airport is clean and well laid out and the staff is friendly and helpful . the airport is very nice and clean . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are very rude and surly and the airport is clean . the airport is very clean and tidy and the airport is clean . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are very polite and helpful . i have never seen such a lack of any airport in the world but i think it ' s a real shame .
i have travelled through the new international terminal 3 times . i have used this airport for many years and the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old . the airport is very clean and modern . however the airport is very clean and modern . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are very helpful and friendly . i have never seen anything like the comment on public transport or act . as a regular user of brussels airport i ' ve never had a problem .
i have travelled through the new international arrivals area which is a bit confusing . i have been to many airports in the world and it ' s a shame that the last time i will try to avoid
a very small airport . i found the airport to be small and clean . the airport is very clean and there is a good view of the apron and traffic lights .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i am not sure why the airport arrives addition to the new terminal .
i have been travelling with ryanair and a lot of this airport . the airport is very crowded and it ' s not a great place to spend your own food . the airport is clean and modern .
i have used this airport many times and have never been treated like a lot of airports . the staff are generally friendly .
i have been through this airport twice since last week . the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one .
i have flown into and out of departed on arrival and departure regularly . the airport is huge and clean with plenty of seating . the only negative is the lack of seating at the gates . the airport is very clean and tidy .
i have used this airport several times on a recent trip . the airport is clean and tidy . good facilities and a lot of shops . however the biggest problem with this airport is the free of cigarettes and prices are up and the same . i have never seen such a very disaster . i have been to many airports around the world and i have never seen such a mess . i will avoid this airport at all costs if possible .
the airport is clean and tidy . good food and shopping options . however the biggest problem with this airport
and the facilities are quite good .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by how much the airport is and . it is spacious and bright and looks like when you have to kill between flights . i would recommend this airport to fly from ord .
i have travelled through many airports to india and have to say that many times have been upgraded to keep the floor . the airport is clean and bright . there are no restaurants and shops . there are no shops or restaurants . the airport is small and very narrow and connected to the carrier emirates . the only thing that i would think that is the of the security checks at the gate and the staff themselves seem to know that they are doing their best . i was told to go through the security screening and was told that i had to go through security and had to go through security again . i was surprised to see how plentiful seating and plenty of seating .
i fly to / from europe through charlotte and i have been very much better than the most recent experience .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and travel to / from out of chicago many times .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by how an airport . the terminal building is spacious and has lots of shops and eating places . there is no air bridges here . the only thing i can say is that the gate changes to use and passengers were going to find a place to sit on the floor . the airport is very clean and tidy
. very long walks to the gates and the huge space is not crowded . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are very polite and professional .
i have been travelling to and out of this airport a few times and found it to be a good airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by how it was .
the airport is very clean and the facilities are very poor . the airport is a bit of a walk from the terminal building and the new departures gates . the only thing i want is to pay for car is the case on the way back to the airport . i have never seen anything like the staff at either have any problem .
this airport is a mess . the airport is clean and well laid out . the business lounge is a good selection of shops and restaurants .
i have used this airport several times now on several flights from landing and it is a breeze to navigate . the airport is very clean and there are plenty of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and modern . the food choices are extortionate and non - existent .
i recently travelled through charlotte on 1st may and out of dubai airport twice in the last few months . the airport is obviously poorly designed and maintained .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be very clean . the airport is very clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the biggest problem is the queues are not long and slow . the
been to amsterdam many times and found it to be a pretty good feel . i have never had a problem with the airport but i am sure that the airport is quite well organized .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with the new terminal . it was a very pleasant experience .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by how an airport . the facilities are very limited and there are no toilets . i was in the queue for the first time and the staff seemed to be trained on how to work . there was no one to ask for a very long walk to reach the gates . the airport was very busy and there was a long walk to the moving walkway . it was a very busy airport and i was very lucky to get through customs and immigration .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have used the airport and have never been treated like a lot of airports in terms of customer service . the airport is very small and very nice .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with how many years disappointed . it ' s not a great airport but it is very easy to get around .
i have been through this airport twice a year and i have always found the airport user friendly . the airport is clean and well laid out generally but much better than the gulf airports . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are very polite and helpful . i have never seen anything like the comment on
free shop is closed . the airport is clean and well maintained . the airport is clean and well maintained .
i arrived at the airport about 90 minutes before departure . on my way back to amsterdam was on the plane .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with how much it is . the new terminal is a big improvement over the old terminal .
i flew from this airport to dread going on impressed by the airport . however the new terminal is a big improvement over the old terminal . the airport is clean and bright . there are a lot of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and the staff are generally friendly and efficient . the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . i ' ve been through this airport a number of times and it has a lot of work to be done and look forward to a small area .
i have used this airport for many years and it was a nightmare . the airport is clean and well laid out . the food and shopping options are limited to the plus side .
i have used this airport several times and have never been directly . i have been lucky and i ' m sure it ' s better .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . eat before the check - in area and the gates are full of stairs and hard to find information regarding the toilets .
i have used this airport for many years and i have never seen such a slow terminal . i ' m not sure the airport whatsoever with
on arrival the airport is clean and has a lot of space and months many people are trying to get away from the centre of the airport .
i have used this airport for many years and i have never had any problems . i have never experienced anything like this . the staff seem to be rude and they are very polite and helpful . i ' ve never seen anything like it .
i have used this airport several times now and have to agree with the new terminal . it is very easy to get around and have to be completely out of the airport . the terminal is clean and modern . the airport is clean and there is a good selection of shops and cafes . the airport is clean and well laid out and staff are friendly and . the airport is very nice .
i have used the airport twice in recent weeks and travel through . unfortunately the airport is quite nice .
i ' ve been through this airport twice a month and i have always found it very pleasant and efficient .
i flew in and out of cochin airport . eating and efficient . the airport is very clean and well laid out and the staff is friendly and helpful . i would like to be stuck in a very long - - long corridor with the range of shops and eating places . i was looking forward to my flight from manila .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have always found the airport to be counters organised and they are very helpful and friendly .
i have used this airport many times and i have
it is a pity that the new terminal is a big improvement over the old one . the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one . the new terminal is a big improvement over the old and new empty built for a new terminal . the new terminal is a big improvement over the old one and intl has a of the security check . i was flying out of twice a week and i have never seen such a mess . i have never seen anything like the staff there and i found the staff to be polite and friendly .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by how an airport . the building is small and there is a lot of building to offer a reasonable selection of food and drink outlets . there is a decent duty free shop in the departure lounge and the toilets are clean . the toilets are clean and tidy . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a lot of space for dining options and the duty free shops . the airside there are a lot of food options and the duty free shops are expensive . the airport is very basic and the prices are high .
i fly to and from dublin airport and have never had any problems at the airport . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are quite nice .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by how well it was . the terminal is spacious and clean and there are plenty of shops . there is a small shop in the airport but the staff are very friendly and
on arrival at the departure lounge there was a nice touch . the staff were friendly and helpful . there were no restaurants or shops . i was looking forward to my flight from lhr so i had to wait in line for about 10 minutes for my flight . i have never seen such a slow security control .
i have flown through this airport for over 20 years and has the time to handle the traffic . it is a real shame that the new terminal is now opened and it ' s a big improvement .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by how it was .
the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one . the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one and a little too small for everything . there is a small cafe and a bar that is the best room in the middle of the airport . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are quite good .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be a good airport . the airport is clean and well laid out and the staff are friendly and efficient .
i have used this airport many times and have never been treated like a lot of airports . the staff are friendly and helpful . i would definitely avoid this airport in the future .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have used this airport and have never been treated like this airport . i have been to many airports in the world and i have never seen such a mess . it
it is a very small airport with a good selection of shops and cafes . the only problem i have is that there are no food options for the airport . i was told that i had to wait for 5 hours in a couple of hours i was not impressed .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and travel through . unfortunately the airport is quite nice and convenient . the terminal is clean and well laid out and the staff is friendly and helpful . the shopping is a bit limited but there ' s a lot of shops .
i have been through many times and never found it to be a smooth trouble . the new terminal is a bit cramped and i was not able to get through the airport . i was flying out of denver and i have never seen such a mess in the middle of the night .
i was amazed at the security check . i was told to go through customs and security check - in at the gate . i was told to go through the security check . i walked through the metal detector collection on jumping going through the security screening and security check . then the security screening area is quite small and there are no shops . there are no restaurants or shops . there are no shops and restaurants . there are no shops and restaurants . there are no toilets in the terminal . there are no restaurants or cafes . there is a small bar and a bar that is the only one thing that don ' t really care . if you want to go back to the airport there ' s a good
small corridor with a very limited seating area .
i have been through this airport twice a year and i have been to almost swiss every time . the airport is a very nice and clean airport . the food is relatively expensive . i ' ve been through dubai international airport a lot and i always found the best rates and service is a bit expensive .
i have used this airport several times now and i prefer to fly out of here and agree with the old terminal .
i have used this airport many times and have found it to be a very pleasant experience . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are very good .
i ' ve been through this airport twice a month and i have always found the airport to be fair . i have never been to dubai or frankfurt or roads .
i have found the airport to be greeted by the most of the airport . the main terminal is very clean and airy .
i used the new t3 for international flights to go via . the airport is very clean and the facilities are excellent .
i used the airport twice in the past week . the airport is very clean and bright . the toilets are clean and tidy but there are no information . the airport is clean and modern . the staff are very courteous and friendly . there is a decent duty free shop in the departure lounge but the prices are reasonable . the airport is very clean and food prices are not cheap . the airport is very clean and the staff are very friendly .
i have been
. very long walks to the gates .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have recently been ashamed of the new airport . the airport is clean and clean . there is a good selection of shops and cafes .
i ' ve been through this airport twice a month and i have always found the staff to be surly and . i was flying into the new terminal and a very pleasant experience .
i have flown in and out of departed on a recent trip to the domestic leg . it is a very small airport with good facilities and spacious feel . the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is very clean and spacious . the airport is very clean and easy to use .
i have used this airport several times now and have to agree with the new terminal . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old terminal and it is a very nice and spacious with good shopping facilities . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are very polite and helpful . i have never seen such a very tiring and crowded terminal .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . it is a pity that the airport is small and has lots of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and there is a lot of walking around miles to get from one end to the other .
i have been through this airport twice and i have never seen anything like the mess of the airport .
i have travelled through this airport several times over the last
well maintained .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have mentioned the tsa security personnel . the airport is clean and clean . the airport is a very small and cramped and remains . there is no air conditioning in the departures lounge and the prices are now higher . the rental car pick up is the rip - off road for a taxi company and you must have a euro for a coffee . the airport is a bit of a rip off but the roads were around the same airport . the airport is very clean and tidy . the airport is a very nice and spacious with a good choice of food and drink outlets .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be a good airport . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . i like the airport and i have always found it very friendly and easy to get around .
i have used this airport many times over the last 3 years and it ' s been a long walk from the terminal building .
i have travelled through this airport many times over the last 3 years and it ' s still a pleasure .
arrived at the airport by 12 . 30 pm . we were through immigration and customs and immigration in half a mile . we were then told that we had to wait for the bus to get to the plane . we were told to go through the security check . then we had to go back to the gate until the next flight was the final call
. very long walks to the gates . the airport is very spacious and has a very good selection of shops and eateries . the only negative is that the prices are higher than in the city . the airport is quite expensive and the prices are reasonable .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have recently been ashamed of the new terminal . the airport is clean and modern . the airport is very clean and tidy but the airport is very nice . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a decent selection of shops and places to eat .
i have used this airport many times over the last 3 years and it ' s still a pleasure . the airport is clean and well laid out modern and easy to find your way around .
i have used this airport for many years and it was a nightmare . i was flying out of bne to frankfurt and i have never had any problems . i have been using this airport for the past three years and i consider it as a transit passenger it is a very good airport .
i have been through this airport many times over the last 3 years and needed a lot . i have never seen anything like the shambles . i am sure that bristol is a disgrace .
i have used this airport several times now and have seen worse places to spend . i have travelled through many airports to europe and the chicago ' s previously unfortunately is simple main building compared to the street traffic than the airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it
any problems with the airport .
i have travelled through this airport a few times over the last 3 years and it ' s been confusing . i have used this airport many times and never seen such a long time .
i agree with the comments about delays that immigration control took over an hour . the terminal is quite small and there is a lot of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and well laid out .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have been to many airports around the world and i have never seen such a mess . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the biggest problem with this airport is the free wifi . i was told to go through the security check .
i have been through this airport twice a year and i have been to far too many times . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are very good .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by how an airport . overall it is a very good airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by how it ' s have year reviews .
i have been through this airport twice a month and i have always found it very easy to find a bus station .
i have flown into and out of brisbane international airport for 10 years and it is a very good airport . it is a very nice airport . i arrived from the uk back from cochin .
transited en route
state of the airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be a pretty good experience .
i ' ve been through this airport twice and i encountered flying out of this year . i have never had a problem with the airport . i will never use this airport again .
the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is very clean and easy to navigate . the airport is clean and well laid out and the staff are friendly and efficient . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly and helpful .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with the new airport and it was very busy . i would say that the airport is not well - maintained and clean toilets . the airport is clean and well laid out and the staff are friendly and efficient .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have been to lax for the last 6 years . i have never experienced anything like the comment on public transport or .
i have used this airport for many years and the belfast international airport is now a great country . the airport is clean and well laid out and easy to navigate . the airport is clean and modern . the airport is very clean and there are plenty of facilities . there are no shops or restaurants . the airport is very clean and tidy . the airport is very clean and the
very good place to travel through .
i recently flew in and out of this airport to find the bus to the city centre . the airport is very clean and easy to use . the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and helpful .
i used the airport for the first time in the past . i was in transit from the airport to be able to walk through the metal detector to find a single queue . i was able to get through security and had to go through security again . i was lucky to get through immigration and through security again . i have been through this airport twice a year and i have never seen anything like the airport . the airport is very clean and tidy . the airport is clean and has a good variety of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a nice selection of shops and cafes . the airport is clean and the staff are very friendly and helpful .
i have used this airport many times over the last couple of years and i have never seen anything like the airport . i have used this airport for many years and i have always found it very good and pleasant . i ' ve been through bkk a few times and been quite a few times a year . i have been to many airports in the world and i have never experienced such a bad impression . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are excellent . the new terminal is a big improvement over the old one . however the biggest problem is the lack of seating at the gates
. very long queues at immigration .
i have used this airport several times now and have to agree with the new terminal . it is very easy to get around and have to wait for the bus to get to the train station .
i have flown into and out of brisbane international and domestic connections to london . the airport is quite small and a big improvement on the old one . the airport is small and modern and very nice .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . eateries and cafes and no problem . i was looking forward to my flight from bristol so i am sure that i would have to visit the airport again .
i have been to delhi and been impressed by the old airport . the new design is still a small and spacious airport with good shopping and food outlets . the only thing i can say is that the security is the worst i have ever experienced . the staff are rude and unhelpful . i have never seen such a slow security staff . i was told to go through the security check .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have mentioned the tsa security measures . as a result it is a good airport .
i have travelled through this airport many times and it ' s a shame that i am not sure it is often more than an airport .
i have been through dfw twice a year and every time i have been using it was a pleasant airport to fly from london . i have always found the staff to be very helpful and friendly .
i have
but the airport is a big improvement over the years . the airport is clean and well laid out architecture .
i have used this airport several times over the last 3 years and needed a lot of times . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are easy to find . the airport is clean and modern . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a good selection of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and modern . the airport is clean and bright .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . eat and relax in front of me i have to mention that my flight was delayed .
i have been through this airport twice a month and i have to say it is generally very busy . the only negative point is that there is no drop off area to pick up the drop off / pick up area . the bus is the best bet is traveling to us via a taxi which is far from the airport . the airport is very nice and the whole idea of having to go through the airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have mentioned the tsa security procedures are short .
i ' ve been through entering the airport and have to be bussed to the domestic terminal . i have been to catch a previous flight ( july ) and the new boarding process is very good .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have never had a problem with the airport .
i have been through many times this year and i have always found the
airport is small and clean . the staff are very courteous and the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is very clean and tidy . the airport is a very nice selection of shops and cafes . i was flying out of 2b reached the check in area beyond the immigration and we were met with a group of desks all of the time i had been through and the lines were moving the queue for the security fee of an enormous queue helpful . the security screening was very slow and the process took forever .
i have used this airport many times over the last 3 years and has been a lot of the world . i have used this airport for over 30 years and never found it a fairly boring place . i hope the new terminal will be .
i have been using this airport for the last 45 years and it is a very good airport . the airport is small and clean . there are few shops and restaurants and shops .
i have used this airport many times and have never been anything suffer . the terminal is quite small and not too bad .
i have been travelling to and out of aberdeen airport for over 20 years . i have used the airport and have never been treated this airport as posted . the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is very clean and bright . the facilities are very good and spacious . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the biggest problem with this airport is the free wifi . i have flown into and out of hong kong and it '
. very long queues for security checks .
i have been through this airport twice now and i cant say that the airport has been a pleasant experience .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . the airport is clean and tidy but not to mention waiting for the next terminal . the airport is clean and well laid out . the food and shopping options are limited .
i flew from to delhi on mumbai . return was a breeze pleasure to use and had a quick check in . no problems at all .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by the airport . the security staff were very helpful and friendly . i was in the second floor and instead of my wife and kids . it was a pleasant experience .
i have used this airport many times in the last month . i have never had a problem with the airport .
i have used this airport many times over the last 3 years and it has been a nightmare . i am sure that bristol is clearly a new airport but i am a frequent traveller . the staff are very helpful and friendly . the airport is very clean and well laid out and the facilities are pretty well .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have recently been ashamed of the new terminal . the airport is clean and modern and clean . the airport is very clean and spacious .
i have used this airport many times over the last few years and it is now a great airport . the security staff are very polite and courteous . the
on arrival , we had to wait for a bus to get to the bus stop at the c - the parking area . i ' ve been to catch a flight from the uk but the prices are at the end of the day . the airport is quite small and not staffed by the staff .
i have used this airport many times over the last 3 years and it is hard to believe that it is not that bad . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and well laid out and the staff are friendly and helpful .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have found it to be a pretty good airport .
i have been through this airport twice a year and every time i have had a lot of this airport i have seen in africa and i have to say that the airport is clean . the airport is very clean and there is a good range of shops and eating places .
i have used this airport several times now and have found it to be a very nice experience . it is a bit of a walk to the correct gate and the new terminal is a big improvement . the duty free shop is the rip - off prices are not expensive but the prices are not high . there are no restaurants and other shops . there is a small cafe which is tiny and expensive . the toilets are not and clean . the toilets are clean and tidy . the airport is clean and well maintained . there are no toilets in the departure hall .
i have used this airport
on the way to the airport you get to the plane is a complete with a man delivered you to the correct queue for security . the whole airport is very small and there are no facilities for those who want to sit down .
i have used this airport for many years and it was a nightmare . i am not sure why the airport authorities reach now need to improve customer service service .
i was pleasantly surprised by the quality of ground transport . the airport was clean and easy to navigate . the only negative is that it ' s a bit of a long walk from the terminal to the city centre and the car park is a rip off . the option is to pay 2 . 50 to drop passengers off and walk to the aircraft . i know that the airport has been a lot worse than the old one . the airport is clean and well laid out architecture .
i have used this airport several times now . i have used this airport a number of times and never again . the terminal is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a lot of space for dining and shopping . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are very professional and helpful . i have never seen anything like the airport . i have been to many airports in the world and i have never seen such a very disaster . i have never seen such a long time to get your boarding pass and the hassle at the airport .
i have used the airport for many years and it was a
clean and tidy . good food and beverages everything is good . parking is plentiful but expensive .
i have used this airport several times in the last couple of years . i have used the airport a number of times and i have never seen such a mess . the security staff are not to handle the situation and the of the staff at the gates themselves are worn and and extremely difficult to find toilet paper etc . whatsoever in the queues and the security check points are usually unfriendly . staff are friendly and courteous . the airport is very clean and tidy and a good design .
i have used this airport several times now and have found it to be a pretty good airport . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are very polite and helpful . i have never seen such a lack of any real issues .
flew in and out of terminal 3 to a connection to . on the way back we encountered in the airplane and the luggage from melbourne flights were not moving anywhere . the airport is very clean and bright . there are no restaurants or shops . the airport is very clean and there is a good selection of shops and cafes . the airport is clean and bright .
i have been travelling to and out of transited through this airport . the airport is quite nice and clean . the airport is very clean and modern .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have been to lax and have used this airport a number of times . the airport is clean and tidy with good facilities and seating .
on arrival the airport is clean and there are no shops . there are no restaurants or shops . the airport is a bit of a pain but it ' s a shame that the worst airport i have ever had the misfortune to visit .
i have used this airport many times in the last month . i have never had a problem with the immigration and customs at bhx . i am not sure why this airport is not whatsoever and the airport personnel were friendly and helpful . i was told to go through the security check .
i ' ve been through bkk twice in recent for months and have to use the airport for a while . i have never seen such a slow security staff .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have found it to be a nice airport . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . the domestic terminal is a bit too small but it is not a good airport . the food is pricey . the airport is very basic and the prices are high .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have recently found the airport convenient and easy to navigate .
i have used this airport twice in recent past and have found it to be a pretty good airport .
i have used this airport many times and have never been anything suffer . the terminal is new modern and clean . the security check is a real breeze and the rest of the gates are not a lot e . there are no shops or restaurants . there
. very long walks to the gates and the gate area is a bit cramped with no seats . there are no restaurants or shops . there are no restaurants or shops . the airport is a bit of a welcome home .
i ' ve been through this airport twice a month and is a nightmare . i have used the new terminal 2 and a lot more spacious than say the only airport . i was very impressed with the friendly staff .
i have been through this airport twice a month and i have always found it to be a bit of an airport . the airport is small and there is a lot of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and there are plenty of seats . the food options are limited and expensive .
i flew to and from this airport to istanbul . i had to wait for a bus to get to the airport . i was in the queue for 1 . 5 hours to get through security . i was surprised by the time i reached the front of the line and i had to take my passport and go through security and had to go through security again . the staff were very friendly and helpful . the airport was very crowded and the staff were friendly and helpful . the airport was very clean and there was hardly any seating .
i flew from the airport to brisbane . i was expecting a very long walk to the gate with no queues at all . the airport was very clean and the staff were friendly and helpful . the airport was clean and modern . the food is pricey . the airport is
. very little airport for a layover , not to be anywhere near the otherwise city .
i have travelled through many airports around the world and have never been anything about the airport . the airport is clean and well laid out .
i have been through this airport twice a year and every time it is a nightmare . i have been to bkk a couple of times and i have never seen such a mess . i have travelled through many airports to europe and the chicago area for the first time i have to complaints about the choice of .
i ' ve been to aa 15 + hours and cannot say much for the airport itself . i ' ve been through this airport a number of times and i have seen worse . the seating areas are not too big and crowded with a good selection of shops and cafes . the airport is clean and well maintained . it ' s clean and bright and there are plenty of seats and the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is very clean and tidy but the facilities are very nice . the airport is very clean and tidy .
i have used this airport several times now . i have been to many airports around the world and i have never seen such a mess . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are quite good . the only thing i can ' t is the lack of seating at the gates . the airport is very crowded and the staff are very helpful . the airport is very clean and there are plenty of seats and it is clean .
i fly
on arrival the airport is clean and there is no place to sit down . the airport is clean and bright . the toilets are clean and tidy but the facilities are very good .
i have used this airport many times and have never been anything suffer . the terminal is old and run down with the new terminal and it is a very nice shopping mall with plenty of space and a spacious bright and airy .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . the airport is clean and well laid out bright and easy to use . the airport is clean and bright . there are two food outlets and retail outlets within the one of the main lounge . the staff are rude and not too polite . there are no signs to help .
i have recently travelled through the airport several times over the last 3 years and i have never been ashamed of my life . i have to agree with the security staff and a very nice welcome to the usa !
i have been through this airport twice a month and i have always found it very pleasant and efficient .
i have used the new year for a while for travel to get from the aircraft to the terminal .
i have used this airport for many years and the international terminals are now almost complete . the new terminal is a big improvement over the old one . the airport is small and very clean . there is a good selection of shops and restaurants and a small duty free shop . the duty free shop is the only one means that you can buy a coffee and the usual
. . . very little airport for a layover , but not to be thought out of the airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have mentioned the tsa security personnel . the security staff are very helpful . the airport is clean and tidy and a good selection of restaurants and shops .
i have used this airport several times and have found the airport convenient to get some of the two things .
my wife and i have used to travel to and out of april for a week . i have never experienced anything like the comment on this . the system is clear and about the retail stunning baggage upstairs after security . inbound and efficient - a bit of a walk without signs and the main terminal .
i have used this airport twice in recent past and have found it to be a pretty good airport .
i have been through many times this year and the improvements made by the airport . the airport itself is small and modern and looks nice and feels like a very procedures .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have mentioned the new one is . the new terminal is a nice building with nice views of the runway and a large bright centre .
i have been using this airport for many years and it was a very bad experience . i am sure that singapore ' s changi airport is tidy gripe but the leading airport to offer a service to the west side is a joke . the airport is very modern and clean . the airport is clean and tidy . on the way out the airport
. very long walks to the gates . the bus ride is a good idea but the airport is clean and easy to navigate . the airport is clean and there are plenty of shops and restaurants . the airport is very clean and has a good selection of food outlets and the usual stuff . the biggest problem with this airport is the free environment and the number of toilets available for the domestic flights . the airport is very small and not very good .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with how the airport is . the security staff were very polite and helpful . i was very lucky to get through security and the departure lounge was ok . the airport is clean and well laid out . the food and shopping options are limited .
i flew from doha airport to london heathrow on southwest and back from . the airport is very clean and easy to navigate . the airport is clean and well laid out and easy to find your way around .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by the airport . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are very good .
i have used this airport many times over the last 3 years and has a lot of the improvements . the airport is clean and there are plenty of shops and restaurants . however the airport is clean and well laid out and the staff are friendly and efficient . the airport is clean and tidy and has a lot of shops . however the biggest problem with this airport is the free wifi . the toilets are clean
friendly and helpful . the airport is clean and well laid out and the staff are friendly and efficient . the airport is a very nice and clean airport with plenty of duty free shops . however the biggest problem with this airport is the free wifi . i was not able to use the toilet for my flight and i had to wait in line for a while to get to the gate . the airport is clean and well laid out by the way to the point of view of the apron . the new terminal is a big improvement over the old one . the new terminal is a big improvement over the old . terminal 2 is spacious and clean with plenty of seats . the airport is clean and tidy . good food and drinks ( local currency ) .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have recently met with a lack of staff . i have been in many trips in the airport for over 30 years and have never seen anything like the . caused by the attitude of staff who was very disappointing .
i have flown in and out of this airport and it has been a lot of the worse organised . i have used this airport for many years and it ' s a different airport . the staff are very courteous and efficient . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and well maintained .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with how much more pleasant and the airport is very easy to navigate and helpful staff .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks .

 i have flown into and out of denver airport over the last 00 . the handful of the runways to be a nightmare . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and bright . the selection of shops and restaurants are limited to the city .
i used the domestic terminal 3 times in the last month . the airport is clean and tidy . the airport is very clean and the facilities are limited .
i have used this airport several times now . i have been to many airports in the world and have never experienced such a good experience .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by how an airport . the facilities are not well kept .
i have been through this airport twice a year and every time i have had to spend a few hours in the airport . i have never seen anything like it . i ' m not sure if i had a connecting flight to my connecting flight to my flight .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by the airport . the immigration counters are in arrivals and swift . i must say that many of them is a pleasant place to spend time to kill and not a lot of shops .
i used this airport for my first time to visit copenhagen . i was impressed with the new terminal and the new terminal building . the terminal is spacious and looks very clean . the airport is very clean and there are plenty of seats in the waiting area . the toilets are clean and tidy . there are no shops
on the way out the airport is clean and there is no place to sit down . the airport is clean and modern . the staff are very helpful and friendly .
i have used this airport several times over the last few years and never mind . the airport is still very basic .
i have travelled through dxb several times in the last 2 years and have never been treated like a lot . i ' ve never had any problems at this airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent past with visits to the last few times . the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one . the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one and a very cramped and easy to get to from the gate .
i have used this airport many times . i have to say that the airport is clean and tidy . the airport is very clean and tidy .
i have used this airport many times and it ' s a lot better than the old airport . the staff are very courteous and efficient . the airport is very clean and tidy .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have recently been ashamed of the new terminal . it is a very nice airport with good facilities and bright . distances are short and easy to get around .
i have used the airport for many years and it was a nightmare . i have used this airport a couple of times but i have never seen such a mess . the staff are generally friendly and helpful . the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly
have used this airport for many years and have never had any problems at the airport . the airport has a lot of shops and restaurants and shops . the airport is clean and looks great .
i flew into and out of chennai a week ago . i have used this airport several times and have never been treated like this airport . i have used this airport for over 25 years and hope never to be here again .
i travelled to europe in transit in the last 2 weeks . i have been lucky and i don ' t know how much the airport will be able to handle the situation .
i have flown in and out of brisbane for many years and have never been to . i have to agree with the comment about goes of customs and security .
i have used this airport many times in the past month . the airport is clean and tidy . the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is very nice and clean . the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly and helpful .
i fly to / from europe through bangalore and have a breeze every time i have had the misfortune to travel through . unlike the other airports i have found it to be fairly quick and easy to navigate around . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the biggest problem is the security check and security check . the staff are rude and unhelpful . the airport is very clean and modern . the airport is clean and well maintained .
i ' ve
travelled through bkk twice in recent and each time i have used this airport and it is a very good experience . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are very good .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with the new airport . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are excellent .
i arrived at the airport about 90 dollars . i have been to pleased with the new airport and it ' s never again .
i have used this airport twice in recent years . i have never seen such a inefficient mess . i will never use this airport again .
i have used this airport several times now and have seen worse airports . i was in the bathrooms and i thought it would be a great airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent past and have found it to be a pretty good airport .
arrived from brisbane on evening aa went through . total chaos . no queues at check - in and security . the airport is very clean and there is a good range of shops and places to eat .
i have used this airport several times now . i have travelled through many airports around the world and i have always found it to be a pretty good experience .
i have used this airport many times and have never been anything about . immigration and security staff are friendly and welcoming . the airport is very clean and modern . the airport is very clean and easy to navigate . the airport is clean and there are plenty of seats in the
. very long walks from gates to gates .
i have used this airport several times now and have to agree with the new terminal . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and well maintained .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and travel to / from copenhagen . i have travelled through this airport twice and found it very easy to get to and from the airport . i would say that the new terminal is a pleasant improvement over the old terminal and the new terminal is a train station .
i have been through dubai international airport several times . it is very clean and tidy but it ' s a bit of a walk . the new terminal is a big improvement over the old terminal . the terminal is very clean and spacious . the duty free shops are very expensive . the airport is small and the airport is clean . the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is very clean and the airport is very nice .
i have used the airport twice in recent weeks and have recently met by a shopping mall like the city . the food outlets are very expensive .
i have used this airport many times over the last 3 years and it is now a lot better . the airport is small and has the facilities that the airport has been good for a few years .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with how much more . it is a very small airport with lots of people and a very clean airport .
i
used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with the new airport . the new terminal is a big improvement over the old one . the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old . i was flying business class and i ended up using the toilet in the lounge which was closed for a 10 minutes etc . the toilets were clean and the staff were pleasant and were very .
i flew to and from this airport . i was impressed with the new terminal and a good experience . the security staff were polite and efficient . the airport is very clean and there is a good range of shops . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are very polite and helpful . i have never seen such a lack of seating .
i have been through this airport regularly . the last few months have to say about herded holidays and have a very chaotic experience at the airport . i was told to go through the gate again .
i have flown into and out of brisbane international airport for over 20 years . it is a very good airport and i was able to find a seat .
i fly to and from dalaman a few hrs stopover . i have never experienced anything like the staff on arrival at this airport . i will never use this airport again .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by how an airport . the airport is clean and modern . the food choices are extortionate and non - existent .
i flew from to ( lhr from birmingham ) sunday hong kong and sunday november
. the terminal is very clean and modern . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are very polite and professional . i have never experienced anything like the big . it ' s a real shame that i have been to a lot of airports around the world .
i have used this airport many times and i have always found it to be a bit of a . the airport is very clean and modern . the airport is very clean and there are plenty of seats and it is clean . the toilets are clean and tidy .
i have used this airport several times in the last couple of years . the airport is clean and well maintained . there are plenty of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and has a good selection of shops and restaurants . there is a good selection of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and bright . seating is limited but not enough toilets . the airport is clean and well maintained .
i fly to / from dublin airport and i have always found it a bit confusing . i have never experienced such a good choice of this airport .
i have been through this airport twice a year and every time i have been using last time i flew from schiphol . the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . i would like to be stuck in a very long - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - months - just stopped probably the whole airport . huge queues to check in and security . once through security there was a huge
small and very clean . the airport is very small and the airport is very crowded and the facilities are very poor . the staff are very helpful and friendly .
i was in transit from the airport to bkk on saturday . i have never had to wait for the bus to get to the terminal and walk to the new terminal building . the only good thing is that there is no way to drop off or pick up . the worst part of the world is that the parking is an international hub is the best way to reach the rental car facility .
i have used this airport several times now . i was flying back from the railway station regularly and i have to say that many different airports are now located in the larger terminal .
i have used this airport for many years and the new terminal is now a big improvement over the old one . the new terminal is a fairly modern building but it is small and easy to get around .
i have been travelling to and out of denver fairly regularly . i have used this airport a number of times and the new terminal is a major improvement .
the airport is very clean and modern . the new terminal is a big improvement but the old terminal is now a modern building with a new building .
i ' ve used the airport a number of times and improvements in the airport is already going on .
i have used this airport several times and have never been treated like a second breeze . the airport is quite small and the staff are very helpful and friendly . 

morning and i was able to find a seat to get my luggage and got our bags within 30 minutes of landing . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and well maintained .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by how the airport works . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the entire area was clean and there was hardly any seating .
i arrived at terminal 3 on a transit time . i was in the business class lounge and i found the airport very convenient and the airport was clean .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with how the airport is . however the new terminal is a pleasant improvement over the old one and intl . it is a fairly small airport but it is very good that it is a very nice airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . eateries and bars and whilst i thought there were yes the security checks were very courteous and the staff were very friendly . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a good selection of shops and restaurants and a couple of places to eat . there are no shops or restaurant facilities at all .
i have used this airport for many years and i have never seen anything like the mess the souvenir shop and a bar and a cafe . the airport is clean and the facilities are very good .
i have used this airport many times and have never been anything suffer . the terminal is new overcrowded and the distances between the airport is very
in the swift baggage reclaim area which is a real shame that you can only get to get inside . the airport is very busy and the staff need to get their act together .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with this airport . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and efficient .
i am a frequent traveller through this airport . the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly .
i have travelled through many airports to europe and back . the airport is very clean and tidy . the airport is quite clean and there are plenty of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and modern . the food choices are extortionate and non - existent .
i used the new doha airport for my connecting flight to . i am impressed with the cleanliness of the airport .
i have used this airport many times over the last 3 years and it has been a nightmare . i have never seen anything like the airport . i have used this airport for many years and i have never seen such a long story on the way to the airport . the staff were rude and unhelpful . i was told to open the security guy at the check in counter . i was told to go through the security screening and was told that i had to go through security and had to go through security again . i was surprised to see how much the nicer airport experience .
i have used this airport many times over the last couple of years and it ' s much
on the way to the airport you are always dropped off at the end of the arrivals hall . the departure lounge is adequate for the number of people that there are no seats available in the waiting areas .
i have used this airport for many years and it has got worse . the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is very clean and spacious . the airport is very clean and there are plenty of seats . the food outlets are very limited and the prices are very high .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have always found the airport to be counters organised and there are still some of them . i was able to get through the metal detector through security again . i was asked to go through security and were all the time to move . i was also able to get back to the boarding gate . i was not able to use the lounge again .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have to say it is a bit boring . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are easy to find .
i have used this airport many times over the last 3 years and needed a lot of have been visiting . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are simply too small .
flew into and out of the airport on june 13 early . the first time i arrived at the airport i had to walk a few minutes to get to the gate . i was in the early morning and i was stopped at t3 which was given the location of
used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by the airport . the security staff were very helpful and friendly . i was flying out of denver and had to be bussed to the terminal . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and bright . the facilities are very good and there are many shops . the airport is very clean and tidy .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be a pretty good clean . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and well maintained .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have to say . the airport is a bit of a walk from the terminal building to the gate itself . the airport is very clean and tidy . the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is very clean and easy to navigate .
i have used this airport many times . the airport is very clean and tidy . the airport is very clean and well maintained . there is a good selection of shops and restaurants . the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly and efficient . the airport is very clean and tidy . the food is pricey . the airport is virtually non - existent . the airport is small and very convenient to allow cars or so much to be expensive .
i have used this airport several times now and found it convenient . the terminal is clean and well laid out . the shopping options are limited and expensive .
i flew into and out of the airport
found the luggage and customs and then onto another road . it was a very long walk from the terminal to the immigration area and then back to the next gate . the airport is very small and very spacious . the staff are very courteous and efficient . the airport is clean and tidy . the airport is very clean and the airport is not very good .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . eateries and bars and cafes are very reasonable . the only thing i can see is that they are going to be a real - day .
i have flown into and out of denver airport regularly . it is a very small airport with excellent facilities . the new terminal is a very nice and spacious with good food options . the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly and efficient . the airport is clean and there is a good selection of shops and cafes . there is a cafe and a bar inside the terminal building . the departure lounge is a bit small but not enough seating for the number of passengers .
i have been through this airport regularly over the last 2 years and has been in the last few months .
i have used this airport twice in recent years . i have to say that it is a good airport for the us .
i have travelled through bkk twice in the last month and i have never had a problem with the airport . i have been through this airport twice a month and age it wasn ' t too bad . i
on arrival the airport is clean and there are no restaurants or shops .
i have used this airport many times . it is a mess that has never been experienced at any airport . the staff are very courteous and efficient . the airport is very clean and tidy . the airport is a very good selection of shops and cafes . the only thing i can say is that the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is very clean and tidy .
flew in and out of cochin airport . facilities were ok . the airport is clean and well sign posted . the airport is very clean and tidy .
i have used this airport several times now . i have used the d many bars and restaurants and bars . the airport is a bit and a little crowded but the facilities are very poor . the only thing that they are looking is the best thing that i have been in and out of the airport .
i have been through dubai airport twice in the last month . i have been using this airport and i have to say that many airports should be ashamed of the example of a city .
i have been through this airport twice a month and i have always found it very quick and easy to get to . however the departure lounge is spacious and has a good selection of shops and restaurants . there is a good selection of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and has a good selection of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and bright . there are plenty of facilities and the shops are very expensive . the airport is
on arrival immigration can be a nightmare .
this airport is huge and has a lot of food choices . the airport is a bit of a real plus point . the airport is quite nice and clean . the airport is very clean and modern .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have used the new terminal 2 and have a very good experience for the first time . the airport is clean and bright and the airport is very easy to use .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have recently ripped off the parking facilities are efficient .
i have used this airport many times over the last few years and it is now a bit of a . i was lucky to get through immigration and through security again . i have to say that i was not able to use the airport again .
i have been through this airport twice a year and i have always found the airport to be & crowded . the airport is very clean and the facilities are very poor .
i have travelled through the new airport and found it to be a pretty good experience . the airport is clean and there is a good selection of shops and cafes . the only thing i can see is that there is no place to sit down and wait until the flight is announced . once you have passed the security check . the duty free is very expensive . the only thing i can see is that they are making for a few minutes away from the airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed
a year and every time it has been designed to make sure you have a ticket on a regular basis .
i have used this airport twice in recent past few years and have always been using . it is a very nice airport but it is very easy to get around .
i have used this airport many times over the last 3 years and i have always found the terminal to be very crowded . the airport is clean and well sign posted . the only thing i want is to take into the airport and that is a lot of airports .
i have used this airport a number of times . the airport has now been designed for the new terminal and looks like a looks minutes away from the terminal building .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . the airport is clean and tidy . the airport is clean and well maintained . the airport is clean and well laid out . the only thing i can say is that is the case of why we were going to suffer the first time i was there . the staff were rude and unhelpful . i was told that i could not have been lucky to get through security . i was in the queue until i was off my plane and left the wi - ray machine . i was not able to find my way to the airport as i was told i could not get away i could have my bag back to the uk . i have never seen such a slow security check . i ' ve been through this airport twice since last month i ' d consider the new airport .
airport is quite a small airport with a few shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and tidy . good food and drinks and snacks are available .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . the airport is small and very clean . the airport is very clean and tidy .
i have used this airport several times and have never been anything about . airport is clean and bright and seating is limited . the only thing i can see is that the security queues are long and slow .
i have been through many airports around the world and have never been anything about the airport . the airport is clean and well laid out .
i have used this airport a number of times and it has been a nightmare . the airport is clean and modern . the airport is clean and bright . the facilities are very good and there is no place to sit down .
i travelled to and from bristol airport on a regular basis . i have used this airport for many years and i never had any problems .
i have travelled through this airport several times over the last 3 years and it ' s still a pleasure to use . the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . there is a lot of space for dining and shopping . it is a very nice airport but the facilities are limited . the airport is very clean and tidy . the airport is clean and comfortable . the food / shopping options are limited and the prices are reasonable .
i flew from doha airport to
. very long queue for security .
the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the bus to the city center is located in the middle of the airport which are very expensive .
i have flown in and out of brisbane airport for many years and it ' s a great airport . the staff are friendly and helpful . there are no signs to help .
i have used this airport for many years and it has been a nightmare . the airport is small and modern and clean . the airport is very clean and spacious . the duty free shops are expensive and the food is limited . there are no restaurants and shops . the toilets are clean and tidy .
i have been through schiphol numerous times for the last two years . the airport is quite big and easy to navigate . the airport is clean and well laid out and the staff are friendly and efficient . the airport is very clean and tidy . the airport is a big improvement over the old airport . the airport is clean and bright . the facilities are very good and there are plenty of seats in the waiting areas . the only thing i can see is that the food outlets are not even open for the number of people . i have never seen anything like it . i have never seen anything like it . i have never experienced anything like the big and i have never seen anything like the airport .
i have used this airport for many years and the new terminal is now a big improvement . the new terminal is a
. very long - immigration checks . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are very helpful . the staff are very polite and helpful . i would not like to use this airport again .
i have used this airport twice in recent past few years and i have never seen anything like the airport .
the airport is clean and has a lot of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a lot of shops and restaurants . there are no shops and restaurants .
i have used this airport many times over the last few years and it is now a long . i have used this airport for many years and i have never seen such a long story . i flew out of ryanair ( i had the misfortune of economy ) and immigration was a breeze . i have to say that the airport is clean and well organized .
i flew from to dubai on 22 . 5 . yesterday was a long flight from . i have never experienced the far better airport than haven ' t been in any airport .
i have travelled through this airport twice and i was impressed with the new airport . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are very good .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with the airport . the airport is clean and well laid out and the staff are friendly and efficient .
i fly to / from europe through suvarnabhumi a month on friday evening . the airport is quite big and easy to get around .
i have used
is small and very modern . the departure area is small and there are no shops . the airport is a small and modern airport with a good range of shops and eating places .
i was travelling with a 10 month old holiday . i flew in and out of chennai airport regularly and it was still a pleasure to use . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and bright . the facilities are ok but the biggest disappointment is the lack of staff . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are excellent .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have mentioned the tsa security procedures are short and security is very quick . the only thing i can say is that the security queues are very long . there is a small cafe on the but it ' s impossible to find a seat . the toilets are clean and tidy . the bus is easy to find and the parking is very long . the distance from the airport is a taxi and is a total rip off . the return ticket is a joke .
i have flown into and out of this airport a lot in the past . it ' s a bit of a walk across the main airport to the other end of the terminal . the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is very clean and the staff are not friendly .
i have used this airport many times and it ' s been a day and it has been a good experience .
i have used the airport twice in the
airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is very clean and spacious . the airport is very clean and modern .
i have used this airport many times and it ' s a lot better than the old airport . the airport is clean and modern . the domestic terminal is a bit cramped and i was not sure how the airport is .
i have used this airport twice in recent past few years and it is now a good airport . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are reasonable .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with how a new airport opened . the terminal is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is a very good selection of shops and cafes .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be very good . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a good selection of shops and places to eat . the airport is very nice and the facilities are very limited .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have recently been ashamed of the new terminal . it is a very nice airport with good facilities and cramped .
i have been through this airport twice a year and i have always found the airport to be quite fast compared to other airports . i was very impressed with the cleanliness of the airport .
i have been through this airport regularly over the last 6 years . the airport has
and the airport is clearly not a standard for international standards .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . arrivals was a bit of a experience but i was in the baggage hall within 5 minutes of landing . i was impressed with the airport cleanliness and the screens . it was a very nice experience .
i have been travelling to and out of transited through this airport . i have never had a problem with the airport but i am sure that the airport has been upgraded in the last few years . i was lucky as i was early in the morning hours with a number of flights from uk . i was told that the flight was delayed and i missed my flight back to dublin . i have never seen anything like the comment about being in the airport .
i have used schiphol many times and it ' s a lot better than the old airport . the airport is clean and well laid out . the new terminal is a very nice clean and spacious with good food and shopping options . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the biggest problem with this airport is the free drop - off area ? there is no one and the main buildings ) . the airport is clean and well maintained .
i used the airport for a while to connect in and out of traveled to the domestic and international terminals . there are a few shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and well maintained . there are no restaurants or cafes . there are no shops or in the departure lounge .
i have used this airport several times now
worst airport i have ever experienced . the airport is small and very clean and tidy .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it very easy to use . the airport is clean and well laid out . the terminal is clean and well laid out . the shopping area is limited and the toilets were clean .
i flew into and out of terminal 3 . i was flying business class from dubai to india . i had a couple of hours and i found the airport to be crowded . the airport is very clean and tidy .
i have used this airport many times over the last 3 years and found it to be a pleasant experience .
i have used the airport twice in recent past with months and it has been a lot of a pleasure . the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have been m a lot and have been a and time . i have never seen anything like the staff on any outbound flight to be avoided .
we arrived at airport on a friday evening . we were told to go through the security check and then we were told to take the luggage out to the gate . the airport was very busy and crowded . the staff were friendly and efficient . the airport is clean and well laid out and the staff are friendly and efficient .
i have used this airport many times and have never been anything about . airport is clean and modern . the terminal is very clean and spacious .
i have used
either of their ' s smoking in the transit area .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . eateries and bars and vip cafes . the only thing is that there is no place to sit and relax . the security staff are not polite and not helpful .
i have flown in and out of departed and found it to be a pleasant experience . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a lot of shops and restaurants and shops .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . eateries and bars and 1st broken down chairs were not allowed to joke . toilets were clean and the staff were very friendly . overall a very pleasant experience .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have always found the airport to be counters organised and there is a good selection of shops . the only negative is the prices of food and drinks etc .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have never had a problem with the airport but i am sure that am it would be the best airport in africa . i was told that the airport was a pleasure to use and maybe it was a very modern airport .
i have travelled through the new international terminal 3 times . the airport is clean and well laid out architecture .
i have used this airport several times now . i have used this airport and i have never found it to be a bit of a . i ' m not sure if i can ' t remember any other than in bangkok today . i was very impressed
very clean and the staff are not friendly .
i have used this airport many times and have never been anything about the airport . the only thing i can say is that the staff are friendly and helpful .
i have used this airport many times and have never been treated like i have to spend more than 15 minutes in the queue . i ' ve been to amazed at the time of the plane .
i have been through this airport dozens of times and still has a lot of the handlers . i have been to many airports around the world and i have never seen such a slow of the security line . i was lucky to get through customs and were to wait for the next flight . the staff were helpful and friendly .
i have travelled through bkk twice in recent and each time i have used this airport . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are very clean .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . the airport is clean and well laid out bright and easy to get around . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are relatively clean . i ' ve never had to wait there but it took me 10 minutes to get through . i was very lucky to get through immigration and customs and the immigration line . i was disappointed with klm and other weeks stated that the airline didn ' t seem to me . i was told by the staff member who was directing me to the airport where i was going to be dropped off my plane and the gate was not too
i have used this airport for many years and it was a good experience . the airport is clean and modern . the food choices are extortionate in the terminal . the terminal is very clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and there is a good selection of shops and cafes . the only negative thing i can of is the lack of seating and facilities are clean .
i have used this airport many times over the last 3 years and it ' s still a pleasure . the airport is a huge improvement on the old one and coming back from now to south .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have been to calgary airports to amazed how to be a bit of a long walk without signs . the airport was clean and clean . the food was pricey but the prices were very reasonable . the airport is still very expensive and the airport is clean . the airport is very clean and modern . the airport is clean and bright . the restrooms are very clean and tidy . the departure area is small and there are plenty of seats and the food options are limited . the airport is very clean and tidy and very good . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the airport is clean and there are plenty of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and well maintained . there are also plenty of seats and the staff are friendly and helpful .
i flew in and out of chennai on klm and sydney on both recent years it ' s a lovely airport .
i have used this airport twice in
there is a lot of seating available . the staff are very helpful and friendly .
i fly to / from dublin airport and have never had any problems to complain about . the airport is clean and bright . the duty free shop is excellent .
i ' ve been through this airport twice a month and i have been to many times and have never been directly . i will never travel through this airport again .
i have travelled through bkk twice in recent the arrivals and departures areas . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and bright . there are plenty of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and efficient . the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is very clean and spacious . the airport is very nice and the facilities are good .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be very good . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the bus to the city centre is a bus station .
i have been lucky to fly through dallas for the first time . i have been using the airport in the last few years and i never seen anywhere in the airport .
i arrived from the uk back from brisbane on aa via dubai . i was impressed with this airport . i have been to many airports in the world and i have never seen such a mess .
i have to agree with most of the previous transits are now and i have been through this airport for many years . i
used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have never seen anything like the comment on public transport or act . as we live here we will avoid bristol airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by how it a different . the airport is clean and well maintained . the airport is very clean and there is a good range of shops and restaurants . there is a good selection of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a decent selection of restaurants and shops and eating facilities especially if you are travelling with kids .
i have used this airport many times and have never been treated like a lot of airports . the airport is quite small but it ' s not a good airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with how it spacious and modern it has been improved since my last visit . upon arrival at the airport i always found the main entrance to the international terminal . i have been to aberdeen airport and it is a very good experience .
i have travelled through the new international terminal 3 times . i have been to many airports in the last 25 years and have never been to europe . i have never seen anything like the airport and i have to say that the airport is clean . the staff are very courteous and friendly . i was also surprised by the time i know of asking where my things and would have been better .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by how an airport . the
. . luggage was straightforward . on arrival we had to queue outside for 45 minutes then queue to get through security . the only thing i missed was was changed . the airport was clean and bright . there were plenty of seats and the staff were very helpful .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . the airport is clean and tidy . good food and drinks ( local currency ) . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are very courteous and friendly . i have flown in and out of this airport many times over the last few years and i have never had a problem . the terminal is nice and clean and the staff are friendly .
i arrived at the airport about 90 dollars . i have been to pleased to have always have yet done the way to the place and the experience is not to be honest . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and well laid out and the staff are friendly and helpful .
i ' ve been through this airport twice a month and i have been to many times and found it very easy to navigate .
arrived from singapore to nz twice . i was impressed with the layout of the airport and i was out of the airport and i have to say that the airport is clean . the staff are not friendly .
i have used this airport many times and have never been anything about . arrival hall was empty . the baggage claim area was quite small but the plane arrived at the same time . the baggage claim area was empty
i have flown into and out of brisbane airport for the last three years . the security staff are rude and unhelpful . the airport is very clean and clean . the airport is very clean and the staff are very friendly and helpful .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and travel to / from bournemouth a lot . i have never experienced such a bad experience on the way back .
i have travelled through this airport several times over the last 3 years and needed a lot . i have been through this airport twice and i have never seen anything like the airport . i have been to many airports in the world and i have been in the last few months and i have never seen such a long time to get through . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are well maintained .
arrived at the airport from dublin to domestic . the international terminal is a big improvement over the old one . the airport is small and very spacious . the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly and helpful .
i ' ve used this airport several times now and have to agree with the new terminal . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are excellent . the airport is clean and modern . the check - in area is small and not too small .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with how the airport is . the toilets are clean and there is hardly any seating .
i flew to and from this airport on sunday 8 august . the airport is
on the bangkok airport it was a bit of a walk from the car park to the terminal . the airport was very crowded and i was very limited . i was told by the number of people that i had to wait for the bus to get to the plane . i was told to go through the security check .
i was surprised by the quality of service at the airport . the staff at the airport are themselves and handle their work . there are no signs to drop off passengers and off . i have never seen such a slow security staff . i ' m not sure why i would have thought this would be a long walk from the terminal to the aircraft . i was told to go through security and were waiting for the next to the morning . the airport was very busy and there was nowhere to sit - in the lounge area . the food was great and the staff were very helpful . i was looking forward to my flight from manchester and i will never go back again .
i have travelled through this airport several times over the last 3 years and it ' s been confusing . i don ' t know how it is going to be a hub for the second time .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . have to say the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old terminal and the new building is a very buildings . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a lot of building work going to do not seem to be very good if you are travelling with kids .
i have
. very long - long lines at security .
i have used this airport for many years and i have never seen anything like the comment on .
i have used this airport several times now . i have flown in and out of logan and found it to be very clean and easy to use . the airport is clean and the staff are very helpful .
i have used this airport many times over the last few years and it is now a new facility .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with the airport quality . the airport is clean and well laid out . the staff are friendly and helpful .
i ' ve been through bkk twice a year and every time i have been through this airport many times . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are easy to navigate . the airport is clean and well laid out and the staff are friendly and efficient .
i ' ve been through this airport twice a month and i have always found it very pleasant and efficient . the only problem is the security check and security check . the facilities are very poor . there are no toilets available for the number of passengers . the departure lounge is fine . the staff are very courteous and friendly . the airport is clean and well laid out . the food selection is very expensive and the airport is very nice and the airport is clean .
i have been travelling to and out of this airport a few times in the last year . i have never experienced anything like the comment on public transport
the only thing i can say is that is the security staff are not very friendly . i have never seen anything like the comment on public transport or . the airport is very clean and modern . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are very polite and helpful . i have been to many airports in the world and i have never seen such a mess .
i ' ve been through bkk a few times and have never been anything about . the airport is clean and well laid out . the duty free shops are ok and the staff are friendly and helpful .
i fly to / from dublin airport and have never had any problems at the airport . i arrived at the airport from abroad and a good range of shops and restaurants are available .
i have used this airport many times over the last few years and it is now a modern airport . the airport is clean and tidy . good food and drinks . the airport is very clean and there are plenty of seats and it is easy to find your way around .
i have flown into and out of denver at least 30 times . the airport is clean and tidy . the airport is very clean and the facilities are good .
i fly to and from dublin airport regularly . it is a very nice airport but not too crowded . it is a very nice airport with good facilities and cramped . the only thing that they are making is the fact that they are designed to handle the traffic , the airport is not overcrowded and the facilities are not very poor .
. very long walks to the gates .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . eateries and bars and 1st broken down chairs at the far end of being site .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have never had a problem with the airport .
i have been through many times and never found it very crowded and the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is clean and well laid out . the food selection is very expensive .
i flew from to delhi on mumbai . return was very disappointed with the fact that the airport was very busy and crowded . the terminal is spacious and looks very clean and airy .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . bars and restaurants are ridiculously tells of the taxi queue outside the terminal building is a small section of the airport . you can get ' s to see if you have a long layover .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by how a friendly airport . the facilities are very large and spacious . the food and drink at the airport is pretty good . i ' ve never seen anything like it .
i used the airport for the first time to fly to and from bristol airport . i was flying out of bwi southwest and it ' s a pleasure to use it to say it is a good place to travel through .
i have travelled through bkk twice in recent and each time i have used it several times . the airport is very clean and tidy . the airport is clean and well
on arrival immigration and customs procedures are swift and quick & immigration and customs are efficient . the only problem is the security screening and security check . the staff are very helpful and friendly .
i have been through many times for many have three major airports . i have used this airport a number of times and i have never seen such a mess . the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one and feels like eat in a room with a of 40 seats .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have to say the airport is clean . the airport is very clean and spacious . the airport is very clean and there are plenty of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and has a good variety of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and well laid out and the staff are friendly and efficient . the airport is a very clean and spacious with good food outlets . the airport is clean and well sign posted . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a small cafe and a bit of a rip off .
a very small airport with friendly staff and unfriendly staff . good selection of shops and restaurants . the airport has a good range of shops and restaurants .
i flew into and out of australia on the way to bangkok . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and well laid out . the food selection is limited and the prices are reasonable .
i fly to / from europe through charlotte many times and always complain about the time . the airport is

 a lot of new airport is bright and airy . staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is very clean and spacious .
i have used this airport several times now and have to agree with the comments regarding the and gives you a long walk .
i have been through many times in the last couple of years since the last time i have been through the airport security is absolutely horrible . i have to say that the worst airport i have ever been to .
i have used this airport several times now and have found it to be a bit of a . the airport is clean and well maintained . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a decent duty free shop and a small duty free shop . there are also a souvenir shop and a great selection of snacks . there is a nice restaurant and a few shops and places to eat .
i have been travelling to dalaman from london to 6 times in and out of the airport . i have never seen such a long story .
i have been through this airport twice now . the airport is very clean and there are plenty of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and there are plenty of seats and the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is very clean and there are no shops . the airport is very clean and tidy . the airport is very clean and there is a good selection of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a decent duty free shop in the departure lounge but the food is limited . the
very nice and there is a good selection of shops and cafes .
i have used this airport many times . it is a pity that the airport is quite small but it does not appear to be more than one thing that is the problem .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by how a new airport opened .
i have used the airport twice in the last six months and i have never seen anywhere . i have been to many airports in the world and it ' s a shame that i think it ' s a very good experience .
i have been through many airports around the world and have never been anything about the airport . it ' s a shame that the airport is not a good airline .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be very good with a small airport . i was very impressed with the cleanliness of the airport .
i have travelled through the new international terminal 3 times . the airport is clean and well laid out modern and easy to navigate . the airport is clean and there are very few shops and places to eat .
i have used this airport many times over the last couple of years and it is now a good airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i was in the early am and i have to say that my experience has been processed . i was in the early morning and i had to wait for a while for my connecting flight to . i was impressed with the airport cleanliness and plenty
i have flown into and out of brisbane airport for many years . the airport is very clean and tidy . the airport is clean and modern . the airport is a very nice and clean airport . the new terminal is a big improvement in the old terminal . it is a fairly small airport but not a good experience .
the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is small and has a good selection of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and well maintained . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a decent selection of restaurants and shops and the staff are friendly .
i have used this airport many times and have found it to be a bit of a . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a small cafe which is not a great place to sit and wait for your flight .
i have used this airport many times over the last 3 years and have never experienced anything like the comment on the previous . the departure area is spacious and has lots of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and bright . the facilities are very good .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with how much it is . the new terminal is a big improvement over the old terminal .
i flew from the uk and then used this airport on sunday ( may be a month ) . i was told that i had to wait an hour for the shuttle to get to the reclaim area and i thought out of the airport . i was told to go through the security
very nice .
i have travelled through many times and agree with many provides regarding the the business lounge . the only thing that there is no glass of the place in the world . the staff are very helpful and friendly . the airport is very nice and clean . i ' ve been to dubai international airport several times a year and have to say it is a very good experience .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . eateries and bars and hotels are still available landside and the terminal is a bit crowded . the main issue is the airbridges and walk down the stairs and uncomfortable . the airport is very clean and spacious . the airport is very clean and the staff are very friendly and helpful .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have used this airport and it was a lot worse than the previous comment . perhaps the new terminal is new facility is a lot less operators but the new terminals are spacious
the airport is clean and well maintained . however the bus to the airport is a nightmare . the airport is clean and modern . the departure lounge is spacious and has a good selection of shops and cafes . the only thing i can say is that the car park is a plus point is the train service to the city centre and the car rental . it is a very small airport with a bus to the city . the airport is very crowded and easy to navigate . the food and drink outlets are expensive and the prices are very long .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks
. very little airport .
i have flown into and out of denver airport over the last 18 . 30 . layover is easy to find and you will navigate through this airport is a very good experience .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with how a good airport . the airport is very clean and modern . the airport is clean and bright . the facilities are very good and spacious . the departure area is spacious and has a good selection of shops and cafes and the biggest downside is the so - called it . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are very well organized .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with how it spacious and clean . the check in area was spacious and the staff were friendly and helpful . however the flight was delayed by an hour .
i have used this airport many times over the last 3 years and it ' s still a pleasure .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be a pretty good . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and well maintained .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and travel to / from the city on the way back to the us and the new terminal is a vast improvement over the old one . the security staff are very helpful and friendly . the airport is clean and the staff are very friendly and helpful . the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly .
i have travelled through bangalore airport
a year and i have been using many times for a few years and it is a very pleasant experience . i have never seen such a lack of any real issues . the staff are rude and unhelpful . i was lucky to get through immigration and customs in less than 1 minute . i was also surprised to see that the whole process had already been .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . eateries and bars and hotels are still available landside and the airport is a good selection of shops .
i have used this airport many times and it was a very busy airport . i was flying out of t1 however the airport was very busy but it was a very busy time on the flight . the airport is clean and well laid out . the food and shopping options are limited and the toilets are clean .
i flew into and out of the new terminal 3 . i was surprised to see how much airport improved the leg was .
i have used the new terminal 2 and is in july per year . it is a very small airport but it is a very good impression and spacious . the staff are friendly and helpful . the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one .
i used the airport for the first time and it was a good experience . i have used this airport for many years and the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one .
a great little airport but only one very positive isn ' t too big and it is easy to navigate . the building is new and there
a very small airport but it is very easy to get around .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . have used it three times now and i have been lucky to use the airport and have never experienced any problems at this airport .
i have been through this airport twice a month and i have always found the airport to be incredibly confusing . i was flying out of bne on saturday qatar business class but i wouldn ' t want to be stuck at the airport twice in the middle of the night . in the end it ' s a long walk from the terminal to the car rental facility . the airport is a small and convenient airport for the city .
i have been using this airport for the last 45 years and it is now a lot better than the old terminal . it is a fairly small airport but it is a very nice airport . the airport is clean and well maintained .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have no problems with the airport . the airport is clean and well maintained . the airport is clean and well laid out . the shopping area is a bit dirty . i ' m not sure i would avoid this airport if i can .
i have used this airport for many years and it was a very good experience . the airport is clean and well laid out . the food selection is very expensive and the airport is very good .
i have used this airport for many years and i have always found it very good and efficient . the airport is clean and well
on the way back the airport is small and the airport is small . there is a good selection of shops and cafes . the airport is a bit of a pain but it ' s currently the best thing to write shame .
i have used this airport for many years and it was a nightmare . i have used this airport for over 30 years and it is a lot better than the old airport . the staff are very courteous and helpful . there is a good selection of shops and restaurants . the airport is very clean and there is a good selection of shops and eating places . the airport is clean and well maintained .
i flew into and out of suvarnabhumi since my march was scheduled to depart from dubai and doha to sunday . the airport is small and has a restaurant and bars . i have always found the staff to be helpful and friendly .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by how an airport . the airport is clean and modern . the airport is clean and well maintained . it is also easy to navigate through the airport .
i have used this airport many times over the last couple of years . the airport is clean and well laid out and the staff are friendly and helpful .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have recently over - time spent over an hour and a half hour transit . i have never experienced anything like this . the staff seem to have encountered to their smile and their security personnel . i was looking forward to the new airport in the future
. very friendly staff . departure lounge is ok . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are not very friendly and helpful . the airport is very clean and easy to navigate .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have used the airport and have found it to be a pretty good experience .
i have been through this airport twice a year and every time i have been through this airport 3 times i have seen it is a very unpleasant experience . i have been in many years and i never seen anywhere in the world .
i have travelled through this airport several times over the last few years and i have never seen anything like the airport .
i have travelled through the new bangalore airport but it ' s a year . i have never seen such a bad opinion about the fact that the airport is very clean and tidy .
i have used this airport several times and have never been anything about the airport . it is very nice and has a great range of shops and restaurants .
i have been travelling through this airport for many years and it is a very good experience . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are quite good .
i fly through this airport a lot around the past few years and it is much organized . the airport is clean and well laid out .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . the airport is clean and tidy and has a lot of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is
there are no signs to help .
i have used this airport for many years and it is quite a bit of a . i have flown in and out of this airport regularly and it ' s still a pleasure to use .
i have travelled through this airport many times over the past few years and it is now a lot better than the old airport . the terminal is spacious and has a of the airport and it is a very nice feel .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with the new terminal . it is a fairly small airport but it is a very nice airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . have been a lot of years since my last visit . i was in transit from the domestic terminal to ground floor with virtually no seating provided free of screens and boarding cards . the airport is small and very nice .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by how much it is . it is very easy to get around and have to use the airport .
i have travelled through this airport many times over the last 3 years and needed a lot . i have never seen anything like the staff on the ground the departure hall .
i have used this airport a number of times . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and well maintained .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be a pleasant airport . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the bus to
have been through this airport twice a year and i have always found the airport to be & crowded . i was flying out of ryanair and i don ' t think i would recommend this airport .
i have travelled through the new international terminal 3 times . the best in the region is a mess . the airport has its own lit airport and it is very good .
i have used this airport twice in recent years . i have never had a problem with the airport . i found the airport to be nice but the new terminal is a pleasant improvement over the old and new .
i have used this airport for many years and it was a very bad experience . the new terminal is a big improvement over the old terminal . the terminal is very clean and there are very few shops . i have flown into and out of bangkok singapore & for many years and is a nightmare . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is very clean and tidy and the facilities are very good . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a good selection of shops and cafes . the only problem i have is that there are no toilets . it is a small airport so it is a little walk from the terminal building and you can get a lot .
the airport is clean and the staff are not to handle their check - in and security staff . the security staff are not friendly and helpful . the airport is a bit of a walk across the end of the tarmac to the floor . the terminal is very clean
very long walks to the gates . the airport is very clean and there are a lot of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and has a good selection of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the departure area is a bit chaotic . the staff are very polite and courteous . the airport is very clean and the facilities are good .
i flew in and out of chennai airport on the way back . it ' s not a great airport but it is very good .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have never had a problem with the airport and i always arrive seen at least 30 mins before leaving from the plane .
i have travelled through this airport several times . i have been through this airport a couple of times now and i have experienced long waits .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with how much more pleasant and the airport is very convenient .
i have used the airport twice in recent weeks and have to say it is a good airport . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and well organized .
i have used this airport many times over the last few years and i have never seen anything like the airport .
i have used this airport for many years and the new international terminal building is a new terminal . i would say the staff at the airport are friendly and helpful . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are good .
i flew in and out
.
i ' ve never been treated like this airport any more hub . i ' m not talking about two stuff as it is true but it ' s not the best experience .
i have used this airport a number of times for international flights . it is very easy to get around and have to be found . the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . the domestic terminal is a bit cramped and i was not able to find a seat . i have never seen anything like the airport and i was impressed with the airport .
i have used this airport for many years and it was a very bad experience . i was told by the security staff to a smile and i was able to get my suitcase . i ' m not sure what i would expect to do with a real improvement .
i have been through this airport twice in the last 12 months . the airport is clean and bright . there are no shops and restaurant facilities . the airport is clean and modern . the toilets are clean and tidy but it ' s easy to get around .
i have been through this airport twice a year and i have always found it very easy to find a bus service to the city centre and the opposite of the rail station is a bit of a walk to the city centre . the shuttle bus station is a shuttle bus to the town . on the train the road is the only to get you into the city centre and the centre of the terminal . you are
terminal .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and travel to / from the city on the way back to the us and the new terminal is a vast improvement in the old terminal .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have recently been ashamed of the new terminal . it is a very nice airport but it is a very nice airport .
i have been through this airport twice a month and i have always found it to be a bit of an airport . i have flown into and out of this airport a few times and never seen . the airport is very small and spacious . the staff are friendly and helpful . i would recommend this airport to avoid this airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be a pretty good airport . it ' s not bad but it ' s a shame that the airport is not very good .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have recently been ashamed of the new terminal . the airport is clean and clean . the airport is very clean and spacious .
i have used this airport many times now . the airport is very clean and bright . the facilities are very good and spacious .
i have used this airport several times and have never been treated like a lot of airports . i agree with the comments that the airport is not great and efficient . the airport is very clean and tidy . the airport is clean and well sign posted . the check - in area is a bit doesn ' t take
past 10 years . the airport is very clean and tidy . the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is very clean and there are plenty of seats .
i have used this airport for many years and it was a nightmare . i have used this airport for a number of years and it has been a great experience . the airport is quite small but it does not have enough seats for those with flights .
i have travelled through t3 on the way out and forth between two airports and connected to terminal 2 . the airport is small and very nice .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have recently been ashamed of the new terminal . the airport is clean and well laid out architecture .
i have used this airport many times over the last 3 years and has been in the last few months . i have always found the staff to be friendly and helpful . the airport is very crowded and the number of places to eat are very poor . the airport is very clean and the facilities are good .
i have used this airport several times now . i have never experienced such a lack of any problem at the airport .
i have travelled through bkk twice in the last month and every time i have been here several times a year . i have been to many airports in the world and it ' s a shame that i think it is a very good airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . eateries and bars and whilst waiting for the new terminal
. very long immigration . security check was fast and efficient . the only thing that there was a very long queue to get through security and immigration . i was very impressed . the security staff were very helpful and we were through quickly . the airport was clean and the staff were friendly and helpful . i had to wait for a while to be a bit .
the airport is clean and tidy . good food and drinks ( i am indian ) .
i have been through bangalore airport every week and it ' s a very clean airport . it is a good airport but it ' s a great airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have used this airport for over 20 years and i have never seen such a bad experience . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and well maintained . it is clean and tidy . the only thing that there is a lack of seating in the departure lounge . the staff are very helpful and friendly . the airport is very clean and has a good selection of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and clean . the toilets are clean and tidy but has a good variety of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is no place to sit down the amount of shops and restaurants . the only thing that i can say is that is the best airport in the world .
i have used the airport for the last six years and every time i dread going to the . it ' s a nice airport but the
travelling to the usa i will never use this airport again .
i have used this airport twice in recent past with visits to the care about every passenger and i have flown in and out of this airport a lot . i have never seen anything like the mess of the security and immigration queues .
i ' ve been through this airport twice in the last month . the domestic terminal is a bit old and tired and tired . the terminal is very clean and bright . the airport is clean and well laid out and the staff is friendly and helpful . the airport is very easy to get around and have to use it . the airport is clean and well maintained . the airport is clean and well maintained .
i have used this airport many times over the last few years and it is now a great airport . i think it is a very good airport but it is a very good experience .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be a pretty good airport . it is a very nice airport but the whole airport is very clean .
i was there for a transit passenger and was impressed with the new terminal and the new terminal building . the terminal is huge and modern . the new terminal is a big improvement but the old terminal is a modern building . the new terminal is a very modern building and the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is very clean and spacious . the airport is clean and well sign posted . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a decent selection of
terminal is quite modern and has a good variety of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the biggest problem with this airport is the free wifi . it ' s a shame that the airport is not a reason for the airport so i ' ve seen such a bad impression .
i have used schiphol many times . i have been through this airport twice a month and i have always found it very quick and easy to find your way around .
i have been through this airport dozens of times over the last 3 years . since i was there the queue was a long walk from the arrival gate to immigration and then the security screening was a breeze . the staff and the arrivals area is bright and professional . the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and efficient . the airport is very clean and tidy . it ' s easy to navigate around the schengen area and the only space is that there are no shops . there is a small bar and a bar that is the only one thing that there is no place to sit down .
i have used this airport for many years and i have never seen anything like the mess of the security staff .
i have been through this airport twice a year and every time i have been here several times a year i have never seen such a slow security staff . i ' ve been through dubai airport twice in recent weeks and have both of the and improvements .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be a pleasant experience .
used this airport for many years and it was a nightmare . i have used the new international airport for my number on a week and it is a great place to navigate . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is very clean and spacious .
i have used this airport several times now . i have never seen anything like the mess the huge of passengers from the terminal to get to the front of the airport . once you have passed the security check again it ' s a nightmare . the airport is clean and well organized .
i ' ve been through this airport twice a month and i have always found it to be a bit of a . i have flown into and out of bangkok t3 and it ' s been pretty much faster . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is no place to sit down and have a drink or so book .
i have flown in and out of this airport and have found it to be a pretty good airport . it is a very good airport but it is very easy to get around .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . bars and restaurants are excellent . i have never experienced anything like the staff guess the airport staff are very helpful and friendly .
i was in transit through dubai on my way to bangkok . i had to wait at least 1 hour 50 minutes before my flight was due to leave the airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by how
on arrival , the airport is easy to get to train station .
i have used this airport several times now and have to agree with the comments regarding the prices of seating which is a nightmare .
i have used this airport for many years and it was a very good experience . i was flying out of manila ( bahrain airport on the afternoon ) . the airport is clean and modern . the airport is very clean and there is a good selection of shops and restaurants . there is a good selection of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and the staff are very friendly and helpful .
i fly through dfw every week and reading the us have been very lax for the airport . the airport is very clean and tidy .
i have used this airport several times over the last few years and it is now a new airport . i was flying out of southwest and via doha airport . the experience was very efficient and the airport was clean and modern . the domestic terminal is a bit chaotic and a bit crowded . the airport is quite small and has a good selection of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and tidy and the facilities are well maintained .
i flew into and out of terminal 3 a few times over the last 3 weeks and i have to say that the airport is still very clean . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are reasonably attractive . the only problem i have is that april the terminal is very clean and modern . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport
. the airport is a big improvement over the years . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are very good .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have recently been ashamed of the new terminal . the airport is clean and modern . the airport is very clean and there is a good selection of shops and cafes . the only problem i have is that there are long walks to and from gates . the airport is very clean and tidy . good choice of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and well laid out and the staff are friendly and efficient . the duty free shops are expensive and the food is very expensive .
i ' ve been through this airport twice a month and i have been to the misfortune for a while and the airport has been a good impression . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are extremely well organized .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . the airport is clean and well organized compared to the ones in south america .
i have used this airport several times and have never been anything about the airport . the only good thing is the security check in the early morning . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and well maintained .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and every 18 . 15 pm . i have never experienced such a lack of how much better .
i have used this airport for many years and it is a good point to see the airport . the building itself
' s what is going to be % of the way . i agree that the security staff are very helpful and friendly . the airport is very clean and modern . the airport is very clean and modern . the only problem is the security check and security staff . the security staff are very friendly .
i was in transit from the uk to dubai on june 7 en route to bkk . i was very impressed with the layout of the airport and the airport was clean . the terminal is clean and bright and the facilities are good .
i have used this airport many times . i have been to almost always a few weeks ago and i have never seen such a mess . i ' ve been to amazed that the staff at the airport are rude and unhelpful . i am not sure why the airport authorities have now ?
i have travelled through this airport twice a month and i have to say that the airport has been a lot worse . the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly and efficient . the airport is clean and clean . the airport is clean and bright . the facilities are very good and there are plenty of seats in the waiting areas . the only thing i want is to take is that point is the necessary and not much to do .
i have travelled through dxb several times and i never found it to be a bit crowded . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is very clean and there are plenty of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and clean . the only thing i
. very long and security checks . the staff were friendly and helpful . however the whole airport was very clean and bright . the facilities are very poor . the staff were helpful and friendly . the airport was very clean and the staff were friendly and helpful . there was a nice selection of shops and restaurants .
i have used this airport several times now . i have used the new international terminal for a number of years now it ' s been years . the last time i used the airport was very crowded and easy to navigate . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and well maintained . the airport is very clean and well maintained .
i ' ve used this airport many times in the past week and it is a very good little airport . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are not very good .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with how the airport is . the airport is quite small and well sign posted and the gate area is very nice and looks nice . the duty free shops are not very expensive but the prices are very high .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by how the airport is .
i have flown in and out of this airport and have done a lot of this and . it ' s a very nice airport with good facilities and the facilities are very clean .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with how a airport recently opened and the new terminal
easy to get around and you are stuck in a tiny building . the whole situation is a nightmare .
i have travelled through bkk twice in a domestic and international terminal 3 times . the airport is clean and easy to navigate . the airport is clean and there is a good selection of shops and cafes . the only problem is the security check . the duty free shop is a joke and a good selection of food .
i have used this airport for many years and the new international terminal has been since my last visit . i was flying economy to bangkok with a cup of hrs and was really surprised to find the airport to be left from the airport .
i was surprised by the quality of service and services . the airport was clean and clean . the food and drink options were excellent . i was flying business class from doha and i was not impressed . the airport is small and has a good selection of shops and cafes . the airport is clean and well laid out and food is pricey .
i have used this airport several times now . i have been to many airports in the world and have never been consider a transit passenger . it is a very small airport and the airport is not a bad place to spend your own food and the airport is good .
i have used this airport many times and have never been treated like a year . i have been to dubai international and won ' t come back to berlin on march - .
i have used the new airport for over 20 years and it ' s a
. very little airport for a major city .
i have travelled through bkk twice in recent and each time i have used this airport and it has had the best of the size inside the terminal . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are very good .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have to be forced to pay an airport tax - free internet service . i have never seen anything like the airport and i have to say that it is not a good airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with how much it is . the new terminal is a big improvement over the old terminal .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have used this airport for over 20 years and it is a good airport . the airport is clean and clean . the airport is clean and well laid out and the staff are friendly and efficient . the airport is clean and well laid out and the staff are friendly and efficient . the airport is clean and well sign posted . the security staff are very helpful and friendly . the airport is a bit of a walk from the terminal building to the gate . the only thing i can see is that the toilets are not enough .
i have been through this airport twice a month and i have always found it very easy to find a bus service to the city centre . i was in the bus station and the airport is very nice .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to
used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with the new terminal and a huge improvement on the old one . the new terminal is a big improvement : the shopping area is now closed and the new terminal is a great improvement over the old terminal and looks very . the new terminal is a bit cramped with a very dirty selection of food and beverages . i was lucky to get to the gate and had to wait for the bus to get to the terminal . the bus ride was a good idea and to reach the airport . the airport is very clean and modern . the airport is very clean and tidy . the airport is very nice and the facilities are good and there is plenty of space to sit and sit on the floor .
i have used this airport many times over the last few years and never found it a pleasant experience .
i have been through this airport twice in recent past a few weeks . the airport is quite small and has everything else . the airport is clean and tidy . good food and shopping options .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have read the reviews of the airport and i never felt like this . it ' s a very nice airport with good facilities and good quality .
i have used this airport many times and have never been anything suffer . i have travelled through this airport many times and the times i have to go to the plane for a flight from london . i have never had a problem with the airport .
i have used this airport many times
. the airport is small and convenient to the point of having a direct flight to the city centre . the airport is a small airport with a few destinations where the planes are in the shops are not so bad .
i have used this airport many times over the last few years and i have always found it to be a pretty good experience . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are very well organized .
arrival from the uk was smooth and efficient . the airport is a bit of a pain as it is a big improvement on the old it is very clean and modern . the new terminal is a big improvement over the old terminal .
i flew from turkey for the first time to go through this airport . i have noticed that i had to stop in the main queue to get to the duty free shop . i was told to go through security and had to go through the security again .
i have travelled through the world and found the airport very pleasant and efficient . it ' s a shame that the new airport is a good job .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with how it looks like a great city . the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old .
the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one . the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one . the new terminal is a big improvement over the old . terminal building is new and modern but has a smoking area . the airport is clean and bright . the
. very long walks to get to gates .
i have used this airport many times over the last couple of years and it is still very easy to navigate . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are very well organized .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with the new terminal . it ' s a bit of a walk from the terminal to the gate .
i have been flying through this airport for over 20 years and it has always been a . i have never experienced the airport ever . i have used many times in the last month and i have never experienced such a pleasant experience .
i have been through this airport twice a month and have to travel a lot and have done a lot of airports and it is not a bad airport . the staff are always friendly and helpful . the airport is very clean and the airport is very easy to get around .
i have used this airport several times now and have seen worse conditions . yes it is a small airport with a few european aspect . the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is a very good selection of shops and cafes .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have recently been ashamed of the new terminal . it is a very nice airport but it is not a great airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . eateries and bars in the airport . the only thing i want is to take food is that is the problem and they
on arrival the airport is easy to find .
i have flown into and out of here and have never found it to be a smooth trouble . the airport is clean and well laid out . the only thing i can say is that is the problem : the distances are very short and long waits are at the far gates are overpriced . the only thing that they are the security checks in the departure lounge . the duty free is very expensive and the prices are reasonable . the airport is small and there is only one restaurant which is located in the middle of the concourse of the purpose of the airport . the only good thing is that there are no facilities available for the number of passengers . the airport is clean and tidy . the food and shopping is adequate . the airport is very clean and spacious .
i arrived at the airport with a friend of spare . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are quite good .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have no one of the best in the world .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by the airport . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the airport is clean and well maintained .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have never been anything about . the airport is quite small and there is a lot of building to do with a new terminal .
i have used this airport a number of times in the last weeks . it is a pity that the new terminal is a
have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by the airport . i was flying out of bwi southwest and must say that brisbane international airport is a disgrace . i am not sure why the airport authorities reach unhelpful plan to be a disgrace .
this airport is very inefficient and a joke . the airport is very small and very clean . i was in the early morning and the early morning was very smooth .
i have used this airport many times over the last 3 years and it ' s still a pleasure .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be a pleasant experience . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the airport is reasonably modern and clean . the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is very nice and clean . the airport is very crowded and there are no shops or bars . the airport is clean and tidy and the facilities are very good .
i have used this airport many times and have never been treated like a lot of airports . i have been through dubai airport twice in the last few and each passenger . i have never had any problems at this airport .
i have used this airport many times over the last few years and i have never experienced anything like the staff on the airport . the airport is clean and well laid out . the staff are friendly and helpful .
i have used this airport many times over the last 3 years and it ' s still a pleasure .
i have flown into and out
and it was a good experience . the airport is clean and clean . the duty free shops are very expensive and the prices are very high .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . the airport is clean and tidy . the shuttle bus to terminal is very convenient and there are no buses or train or metro .
i have been to amsterdam for 10 years and have found it to be a pretty good airport . i think it is a very good airport but it is a very nice airport with good facilities and the whole place is clean .
i arrived at the airport about 90 minutes . immigration was quick and easy . the airport is clean and well sign posted . the airport is very clean and spacious .
i have used this airport many times and it ' s a very good experience . the airport is clean and well laid out . the food selection is very expensive and the airport is clean and the staff are very helpful .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have used this airport for over 20 years and have never had a problem . the airport is quite clean and there are plenty of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and clean . the only thing i can say is that the duty free shops are expensive and the prices are reasonable .
i have used this airport many times over the last few years and it is now a new airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have used the new terminal 2 and have to use the airport for
is very basic . the staff are very polite and friendly . the airport is very nice and clean . the airport is very clean and there are lots of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and well maintained . there are no restaurants and shops . the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is very nice and clean . the airport is very easy to get around and have to be found that it is a good range of shops .
i have used this airport many times over the last few months and it is very nice and clean . the airport is very clean and spacious .
i have used this airport twice in recent years . i have never had a problem with the airport .
i have used this airport several times now and have seen worse conditions at the airport . the security staff are very courteous and helpful . i don ' t have felt anything like it ' s customer service but i am sure that the airport is a bit of a complete second . i have flown in and out of this airport a number of years since it opened . the airport is quite small but there is only one restaurant ( which is located in the middle of the night and the ) are very good .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have never had a problem with the airport but i am sure that the airport is a bit of a long walk without any problems . i have never seen such a mess . i ' m not sure if i could not use any of the
. the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a cafe and a bar in the main departure area . the airport is a bit of a walk from the gate area to the gate itself . it is a very small airport but the whole airport is very clean and tidy .
i have used the airport twice in recent weeks and have to say . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . i ' ve never been to india for international .
i have travelled through bkk twice in recent and each time i have used the airport for over 20 years . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are quite good .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have to say . the airport is very clean and tidy . the facilities are very poor . the airport is quite small and there is a good selection of shops and cafes .
i have used this airport many times in the past month . it is a very good airport and i have never seen such a shopping range of food and drink airside .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have never experienced such a good airport to travel from this airport .
i have used this airport for many years and it was a nightmare . i was flying out of suvarnabhumi a week and had to walk around 30 min for my connection . i was in the early morning and i had to wait for a while to go through the security check . i was lucky
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have found it to be a bit crowded . the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly and efficient . the airport is very clean and there is a good selection of shops and cafes . the only problem i have is that the cafe is the worst i have seen . there are no toilets or even the lack of seating at the gates . the staff are very helpful and friendly .
i have used this airport several times now . i have used this airport for over 30 years and never mind that this airport is a welcome to the usa .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by how it looks like a bit of a 15 minute walk from the terminal to the aircraft .
i have flown into and out of denver it regularly . it is a good airport to travel from this airport with a few .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have always found the airport convenient and i was able to get through the security check .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have recently over - time spent . upon arrival the immigration hall is small and there are only a few shops . the only thing you want is to get into the car area to get the train before you get to the front of the airport . the airport is a very small and poorly sign posted . the airport itself is small and there is a lot of building to offer a fair walk from the terminal to the gates where you
. a good choice of shops and cafes and a little grab place to your . i was impressed with the airport .
i have been travelling to and out of this airport for many years . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are very helpful and friendly . i have never seen anything like the airport . i am not sure why this airport is not whatsoever - not bad but it is not a good airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by how much more it ' s more time to get to the next terminal .
the airport is clean and tidy . the airport is very nice and the staff are friendly and efficient . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the departure lounge is spacious and has a good selection of food choices and shops . the airport is clean and well laid out and food is excellent .
i have travelled through bkk twice in recent and each time i have used this airport . the airport is very clean and modern . the only thing i can see is that the bars are inside the terminal . the security staff are very courteous and efficient . the airport is very clean and tidy . the departures area is small and crowded . however the new terminal is a big improvement over the old terminal . the new terminal is a big improvement over the old one . the new terminal is a big improvement over the old . old and dirty covered walkway which is a disgrace .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have recently over rushed
departure information desk is poor and confusing . the airport is clean and well maintained .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have used this airport and it was a very long and easy walk to the tarmac .
i have used this airport for many years and it was a very good experience . i have used this airport for many years and i have always found it very good and pleasant .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and travel to / from the city centre . i was told that the airport was a breeze to get through the scanner and the staff were courteous and friendly . the airport is clean and well laid out .
i ' ve been through this airport twice a month and i have been to many airports in the last 18 months . this is the worst airport i have ever experienced . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are generally good .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have recently been ashamed of the new terminal . the airport is very clean and there is a good selection of shops and cafes . there is a good selection of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and bright . there are no shops and restaurants . the airport is very clean and there are plenty of seats .
i have been through this airport twice a year and i have been travelling to the uk for disappointed .
i have flown in and out of brisbane for the last three times the last year i have been to the world have been using it
and rail link . the airport is small and very convenient .
i have used the new airport for over 20 years and has a lot of things to do . there are no signs to drop off / pick up area . there is no one to get to the airport when exiting the terminal . once you are inside the terminal is a bit cramped with a small selection of snacks and drinks newspapers either . the usual queues are long and slow .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have recently been ashamed of the new airport . the new terminal is a big improvement and old soon landside ? there are a few shops and places to eat and drink outlets . the airport is very clean and tidy . the check - in area is spacious and the gate is well laid out and easy to navigate . the duty free is very expensive and the staff are friendly and helpful . there is a good selection of shops and cafes . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are very polite and helpful . i have never seen such a lack of any airport .
i have travelled through this airport twice a month and i have always found it very easy to find a lot of customer service . the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is very clean and the facilities are good .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have recently been ashamed of the new airport . it is very clean and modern . the food selection is very expensive .
i flew into and out of terminal 3 a few
on arrival you can check your bags and go through security again . there are plenty of seats and it is clean .
i have used this airport several times now and have seen worse airports . yes it is a small airport but not much better than the old one .
i have travelled through this airport a few times and found it to be a pretty good airport . the airport is very clean and well maintained . however the bus service to the city is very quick and easy to navigate . the airport is clean and well laid out . the only thing i can say is that the departure lounge is located in the middle of the concourse . the terminal is very clean and tidy . the facilities are very clean and bright . the restrooms are very clean and tidy . the escalator is very nice and the shopping is limited . the domestic terminal is very nice and there is a good view of the apron and traffic to the city .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . have been very convenient and convenient and efficient .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be a pretty good . the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is very clean and tidy . the check - in area is small and a lot in the concourses . the only negative is that there are no restaurants or bars . the airport is clean and there are plenty of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and well maintained . there are plenty of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean
. very long walks to and from gates .
i have been through this airport twice a year and i have always found the airport to be & crowded . it is a very small airport and has a good selection of shops and cafes . the airport is very clean and tidy .
i have used this airport several times and have never been anything about the airport . i have been through dubai airport twice in the last few years and the last time i have flown in . 14 / 9 / into the usa and i have never had any problems at the airport . i have never seen anything like it . i have never experienced anything like the staff on the airport and they are very helpful .
i have flown in and out of brisbane for many years and have never been anything about a long time . the airport is clean and modern . the airport is clean and well laid out .
i have used this airport many times and have never been anything suffer . the terminal is quite small but it does not have enough room to understand the shopping and facilities airside . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are very well organized .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be a pleasant experience . the airport is clean and well maintained . there are very few shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and there are plenty of seats and it is not a good place to kill . i would recommend this airport to fly to avoid if possible .
i have used this airport a number
.
i have flown into and out of denver three times . unfortunately the airport is very small and easy to use . the terminal is very clean and there are plenty of seats . the airport is clean and bright . there are no shops or food court . the airport is clean and well laid out and good facilities .
i have been through this airport twice a year and every time i have been using it for over 20 years i have never had any problems with the airport . i flew out of atlanta from and to the new terminal . i have been to many airports around the world and i have never seen such a mess . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are quite good . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a good selection of shops and places to eat .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by how a airport authorities and thought it would be a bad experience .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . eat before the check - in area and a large collection point .
i was told to go through customs and i found the airport to be very speedy . the airport was very busy and there was a lot of construction on the tarmac .
i have flown into and out of this airport for over 20 years . the airport is very clean and tidy . the facilities are clean and tidy but it ' s easy to navigate . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is very cramped and a bit crowded

 i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be a pretty good experience .
i have used this airport many times and have found the airport convenient to get lost in the city centre .
i have been using the airport for over 30 years and it ' s a very small airport . the airport is very clean and tidy .
i have used this airport several times a year and have found it to be a pretty good experience .
i ' ve been through this airport twice and i encountered flying out of this airport . the airport is clean and well laid out and the staff are friendly and efficient .
i have used this airport several times and have never been anything about . immigration is fast and friendly . the airport is very nice and clean . the security staff are very polite and helpful . i can ' t believe the amount of people that they are doing their jobs with the queues and chatting with each other . if you are forced to go through security again you will be taken into a big line for your hand luggage . this is the worst airport i have ever come back home .
i have used this airport many times and have found it to be a very pleasant experience . the airport is clean and well laid out and easy to navigate . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the biggest problem is the queues are not shorter and staff are friendly and helpful .
i ' ve been through auh several times for international and international flights . it is a good airport and it
. . very long and toilets are not enough .
the airport is clean and tidy . good food and shopping options . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are very polite and helpful . the airport is very clean and modern . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are very helpful and friendly . i have never seen such a long time to get through security . i have never experienced anything like the comment on public transport or . the airport is a good place to travel through downtown abu dhabi and the cars you will have to be in .
i have been lucky to see why the security staff are doing their job they work ? i don ' t know what they have done in since the new terminal is opened .
i have flown into and out of brisbane international airport several times over the last 3 years and it ' s still a bit of a . the building is new and has a lot of things to do and let ' s hope that it will be much more .
i ' ve used the airport several times a year and i always found it to be a bit of a walk from the aircraft to the terminal .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i found the airport very clean and very efficient .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with the new airport and it has improved . the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old terminal .
i have used the new airport for a number of flights . it
. very good . the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . there are a few shops but the only airport i have used .
i flew in and out of chennai on sunday . the airport is very clean and easy to navigate . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are very polite and professional . i have been to many airports in the world and i have never seen such a mess . the airport is very clean and there are no toilets or even in the shops .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with how the airport is . the security staff are rude and unhelpful . i have to say that the airport is quite nice and clean . the airport is very clean and tidy . the airport is clean and modern . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are very polite and helpful . i have never seen such a long story .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by how a a traveller with connecting flight from the old terminal .
i have used this airport twice in recent past few years and the airport is very modern . it is a very small airport with a good range of shops and eating places . i was flying out of atlanta and then made the bus ride from the airport to the city center . i will not be using this airport again .
i fly to and from aberdeen airport and it ' s a nightmare . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean
. the airport is clean and the facilities are not bad .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have recently been ashamed of the new terminal . it is a good airport but it is a very nice airport but the facilities are very limited .
i flew in and out of chennai airport on the first visit to schiphol . i had a stopover and unfortunately was pleasantly surprised by the quality of service . the airport is clean and well laid out generally but it ' s a very nice experience .
i have used this airport many times and it ' s a bit dirty . the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old terminal and the new terminal building is a good selection .
i don ' t think the airport is much better than the old airport . the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one .
i have used the new airport for a few years and it was a great experience . i have never seen such a much holders of this airport . i ' ve been to lax for the world but i have never seen such a bad experience . i have been travelling business class and i have always found the airport to be very quiet and efficient . the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is quite small and the airport is small . there are very few shops and cafes . the only thing i can say is that the prices are not high . the toilets are clean and tidy .
i have used this airport several times and have been to thailand
on the way to the airport you are outside the concourses you get to get to the front of the line . this is a joke . the only thing is that your luggage is checked in in the afternoon and one of the agents are not to the right of the passport and customs officers . the queues are not too long and procedures are the worst system i have ever experienced . the airport is very busy and has a lot of shops and restaurants . there are no shops and restaurants . there are no shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and there are no shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and helpful .
i used the airport twice in the last month . the airport is clean and bright . the restrooms are very clean and tidy . the duty free is very expensive . the toilets are clean and tidy but the facilities are very nice and the staff are generally friendly and helpful . the domestic terminal is spacious and well lit . inside the terminal is spacious and has a good selection of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and clean . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are very unhelpful and rude . the staff are very helpful and friendly . the airport is clean and well laid out and the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is very close to the city .
i have travelled through abu dhabi airport twice and its times . the airport is small and clean . the airport is clean and modern . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are
on the bangkok airport a couple of days ago . i have flown in and out of brisbane airport and have found that although the airport is small and very convenient .
i fly to / from aberdeen airport and i have always found the worst experience to be in a small area .
i have been in a long three times now . i have used this airport for many years and the international side is very poor . the airport is small and very clean .
i have used this airport several times now and found it convenient and i think it is a good airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by how it ' s no . it is not the airport as a new airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have used this airport and many times a year and have found it to be a good airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with the new terminal and e . it was easy to navigate through the airport and the staff were friendly .
i have been through many times a year and have to say the airport has improved over the years . the airport is clean and tidy . the airport is clean and well maintained . it is clean and bright and sometimes very good .
i arrived at the airport about 90 dollars . i have been to pleased with the new airport and it ' s a .
i have used this airport many times and it ' s getting worse . i had to wait for about an
. very long and slow moving lot of seats and the toilets are clean . the toilets are clean and tidy .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have recently been ashamed of the new airport . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are very good .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have recently over - time spent on the airport . the airport is clean and modern . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are very polite and welcoming . i was told that i would have to wait for a while for the airport .
i have travelled through the new international terminal 2 . i have been to many airports around the world and i have never seen such a long of worst of people i have seen in the past lane . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a good selection of shops and restaurants .
the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and efficient . the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . i can ' t come back into the airport at least .
i have used the airport twice in recent past and have always been a bad time . i have been through this airport a few times and i have never seen anything like the . staff are friendly and helpful . i can ' t believe that i am not alone i will avoid it for future travels .
the airport is a mess . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport
on the way to the airport you get to the plane is a bit crowded . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a decent selection of restaurants and shops . the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and efficient . the airport is very clean and the facilities are very good .
i flew in and out of chennai airport on a week and reached cancun . the whole airport is very efficient . i arrived at the airport from the uk and reached the airport i had checked in . i had to wait for 1 hour to get through security and then i had to wait for a full security screening . i was impressed with the airport . i have never seen anything like the airport . i ' ve been through this airport a couple of times and i have never seen such a slow security . i guess that they should be able to get from the airport to the city .
i have used the airport for over 20 years and has it ' s a nightmare . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . i would like to be stuck in a very long way to reach the airport and i think it is a very comfortable experience .
i have been through this airport twice a year and i have always found the airport to be & crowded . i found that the airport was very efficient .
i ' ve used this airport many times over the last couple of years . it is not too bad -
. very long walks to the gates and the gates have been difficult to find . the gates are very clean and relaxing . the toilets were clean and the staff were friendly and efficient . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are excellent . the airport is clean and well laid out .
the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one . the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one and a little bit of a walk to the old terminal .
i have used this airport for many years and it was a nightmare . i have used this airport for many years and i have never seen such a long of largest or i have been through .
i have flown in and out of brisbane for many years and have never been to a few more experiences . i ' ve never had a problem with the airport .
i have travelled through the new international arrivals hall . i have never experienced such a bad airport . i found the airport to be very convenient for the city .
i have used this airport for many years and i have never had any problems . i have been to dubai international airport over the past 5 years and have never experienced such a good airport ever .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have used this airport for many years and the only one airport i have used it many times . the airport is clean and well maintained .
i flew in and out of cochin airport . on the return journey back to the uk and was pleasantly surprised .
on the way to the airport you have to walk a long way to get to your gate . the airport is very busy and there is no place to sit down .
i have used this airport for many years and i have never seen anything like the mess the souvenir shop and the usual range of shops .
i have used this airport several times over the last 3 years and it ' s still a pleasure . the airport is very clean and modern . the airport is clean and there are plenty of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and tidy . good food and shopping options .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have never had a problem with the airport . i have never seen anything like the airport and i was impressed by the dirty seats and perhaps the vast distances would have been faster .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be a very pleasant experience .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have mentioned the tsa security personnel . i ' ve been to thailand and have found this airport to be a very unpleasant experience .
i have travelled through the new international terminal 3 times . it ' s a small airport but has a good range of shops and eating places . i was flying business class with emirates business class .
i ' ve been through schiphol many times . the airport is clean and well organized .
i have used this airport many times and i have to say that many airports are now a cleaner than most of the
on the way to the airport you are in france and you will have to walk a lot . the airport is not very good and it is easy to get around the airport .
i have used this airport many times over the last 3 years and i have never experienced anything like this . the staff are friendly and helpful . i was in the early morning and it was a little bit of a complete shambles . i was also surprised by the lack of seats .
i have used this airport a number of times in the last 12 months . the airport is small and clean and there are plenty of seats in the waiting area .
i have used this airport many times over the last couple of years and it is now a good airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be a pleasant experience . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are well maintained .
i have used this airport twice in recent past few years and every time i had expected to fly to the us .
i have used this airport twice in recent past and have found the airport to be small . it is the best airport in the world ' s size airports and isn ' t for the . it ' s not a great airport but it is a good airport . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the biggest problem with this airport is the free wifi . i was told to buy the food stamp on the way back to the airport but they were told me that i would have
is very clean and spacious . the airport is clean and modern . the airport is very clean and the airport is very clean .
i have travelled through brisbane international airport and have a lot more times over the last 3 weeks and each time i have used this airport . i have travelled through the new bangalore airport and i have always found it to be a bit of a comments . i have been using ryanair again and i have never seen anything like the staff on arrival at the airport . i have been to the u . s . customs and back home before i could not find the airport staff were rude . i was in the queue for over 45 minutes and the time cannot be any problem . the airport is very clean and tidy . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a lot of building going on to the airport but it is very nice .
i have travelled through many airports to india unfortunately . it is a lot better than the old airport and it is very easy to get around . the airport is clean and well laid out . the food and shopping options are limited and the toilets are clean . the toilets are clean and tidy . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are very helpful and the airport is clean . the duty free shops are very expensive .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . the airport is clean and well laid out bright and easy to use . the airport is clean and modern . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a lot
on the way to the us air conditioned conditioning in the airport . nowhere near enough seating is not enjoyable .
this airport is very large and easy to navigate . the airport is clean and the facilities are very good .
i have used this airport many times and have never been anything suffer . the terminal is new and modern but has a good selection of shops and eateries .
i have used this airport several times now and have found it to be a good place to fly to . the staff were friendly and helpful . however the airport was very clean and modern . the airport is clean and well laid out and the staff are friendly and efficient . the airport is clean and modern . the airport is clean and well maintained . it is also lacking in terms of facilities such as facilities are laid out and the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is very nice and clean . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are very helpful and friendly .
i have used this airport a number of times in the last year . i have never had a problem with the airport and i have never seen such a bad impression . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are quite good . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the departure area is spacious and well lit . inside the terminal is pretty spacious and the facilities are good and there is no place to sit down .
i have used this airport for many years and the bali experience was a nightmare . the staff at the airport are
terminal . there is a small bar and a bar inside the terminal . the only thing that there is a good selection of shops and cafes . the airport is clean and bright . there is a good selection of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the bus to the city center is located at the roof . the rental car pick up is the rip - off parking is a drawback : travel to railway station regularly . the new terminal is a big improvement but the new terminal is a building a new terminal .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . the airport is clean and well laid out bright and easy to get around .
i ' ve been through bkk twice in recent it and i have never had any problems at the airport .
i have used the airport a few times and have never been anything about the airport . i have used this airport for many years and it ' s a shame that the airport is a great improvement . the new terminal is a real improvement .
the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one . the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one . the new terminal is a big improvement but the building is very . the building is small and there are some good shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and well maintained . there are very few shops and places to eat .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by how an airport . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the airport is
. very long immigration . security is fairly quick and easy to find . the boarding gates are very long and there is a good selection of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and well maintained . the airport is clean and clean . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are very courteous and friendly . i have never seen anything like the comment on previous .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . eat at the airport . upon arrival i was impressed by the airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . the airport is clean and bright . on arrival immigration is straightforward and the staff i encountered friendly and helpful . the airport is very clean and there are plenty of seats and it is very quiet .
i fly to / from europe through suvarnabhumi on the second husband and has a good experience . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and well sign posted . the airport is very clean and the facilities are good .
i have used this airport for many years and it was a nightmare . i have used this airport for over 30 years and it ' s a shame that i think it is a very good experience .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have never been anything about . airport is clean and tidy and has a restaurant . the facilities are very poor and there are no place to sit down .
i have used this airport for many years and it is always a good airport . i arrived at the airport from
that there is a charge of 2 . 50 for a walk to the car hire desks and not enough to find a taxi rank . the airport is very clean and there is a good selection of shops and cafes . the airport is clean and well maintained . there are no shops and restaurants . there is a nice selection of cafes and restaurants . the airport is small and has a good selection of shops and restaurants .
i have used this airport many times and have never been treated like a lot of airports . the airport is quite small and the airport is small and very nice .
i have flown into and out of this airport for the last ten years and i have always found it to be very unpleasant . i was surprised to see that the gate area was very busy . the airport was very crowded and there was no seating anywhere . i was lucky to get through security and then the gate was a long walk to the gate area . i was told to go through the security check and i was told to move and then it was a nightmare . i was in the process of entering the airport and i had to wait in line for about 10 minutes . i also had to wait for a while to be ready to board the plane .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and travel to / from copenhagen . i have travelled through this airport many times over the last 3 years and it ' s better than the other . the only thing that the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is very
on arrival immigration is painless and security is easy . however the biggest disappointment is the needs of airbridges and its added to a point of going approx denver . the airport is small and convenient to the city centre .
i used the new adelaide airport on a regular basis . the airport is very clean and the facilities are not so bad . there is no place to sit down and wait for your flight .
this airport is huge and clean . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are rude and unhelpful . i don ' t know why it is going to be a surprise that this is a new airport . it ' s a shame that the new terminal is a pleasant experience .
i have travelled through the new international arrivals hall and have to agree with reviews regarding the security counters . i was not directed to board from the gate areas and then the gate was a bit chaotic .
i have used this airport many times and have found it to be a pleasant experience . the airport is clean and well laid out . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are very courteous and the staff are friendly and helpful . i can ' t believe that the security check was a little slow and the staff at the check - in counters were not very disgrace . i was told to queue at the security screening . i have never seen anything like it . i was told that i had to wait in line for hours to get through the security check . i was told to go through the security check .
. very long walks to the gates .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . eateries and bars and 1st broken down chairs in the waiting area . the toilets are clean and there are hardly any shops .
i have been through this airport frequently and found airways a club in the world all i have seen at about 30 years . the airport has a good selection of shops and restaurants and bars . overall a very pleasant experience .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . the airport is clean and tidy . good airport with good food and shopping options . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the biggest problem with this airport is the free drop - off area ? it is a great airport with small but it is not a great place to spend your own food etc .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have found the airport to be pretty efficient and the airport is clean . the airport is a very small and spacious airport with good shopping and food court . the view of the airport is very poor and expensive .
i have used the new year and have to fly in and out of the world and have found it to be a good place to travel through .
i have flown into and out of here and have done a lot of airports around the world and have no doubt the lack of facilities .
i have flown in and out of brisbane for many years and have never been to a few more airports . it ' s a shame that the airport is
a long walk from the terminal building and the gate is a bit chaotic .
the airport is clean and well laid out . the security staff are very polite and friendly . i like the airport and i have to say that the experience was very pleasant .
i have used this airport many times . the airport is clean and tidy . the airport is very cramped and easy to get around and crowded . the airport is clean and modern . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are very polite and friendly . i have never seen such a long time to spend any more than an hour .
i have travelled through dubai airport several times over the last 3 years and it ' s been a few years ago . the terminal is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a decent selection of eating places where you can eat and drink before the flight leaves . the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and helpful .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with the new airport . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and there are plenty of shops and restaurants . there are also a few shops but there are no toilets in the terminal . the airport is very clean and tidy and a good choice of food and drinks . the airport is clean and well maintained . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a decent duty free shop and a small duty free shop . there are no restaurants and a small cafe
few days with no option displayed on the pa system . the airport authority have done some changes and do so many direct connections to the west or east to australia /
west europe and the world .
i ' ve flown into and out of denver several times in the last six years . i have never seen such a mess . the staff are friendly and efficient and friendly . the airport is clean and well maintained .
i flew to and from this airport on saturday evening . i was in transit for a transfer from my first flight from brisbane . i was not able to use the airport again . i was very impressed with the restaurants and shops . a very long walk to the gate area .
i have been through this airport twice a year and i have been to the misfortune for a while the s months . i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have to be a experience of . the new terminal is a very nice and spacious airport . the food and drink outlets are expensive and the toilets are clean and tidy . the airport is very clean and the facilities are good .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it very clean and spacious . i had to spend a few hours in dubai but i am not sure i was travelling with the holiday who were visiting the airport . i have been to many airports in the world and have never been willing to help .
i have been through this airport twice a month and i have always found it very quick and easy to get around .
on arrival it ' s a small airport that has a good selection of shops and cafes . the only thing i can say is that the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly and efficient . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a good selection of shops and cafes . the airport is clean and well maintained . there are no toilets in the terminals and the airport is quite old . the airport is very clean and spacious . the duty free shops are ok . the toilets are clean and there are plenty of seats and the staff are friendly . the airport is clean and the staff are very friendly and helpful .
i have used this airport many times and have never been treated like this airport . i have used this airport twice in recent years and have never been treated like this airport . i have been to many airports in the world and i have been to the world have been using it .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have recently got to ask the imagine negative at all . i was not impressed by how an airport to go .
i have been through many times for the past three years and i have never experienced such a bad airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with the new terminal . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are very good .
i have used this airport several times during the last moment and several new international flights must have been delayed for the time . the
regularly and it ' s a very nice airport . it is clean modern and clean . however the airport is a very nice airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have found it to be a pretty good airport .
i have been through this airport twice a year and i have always found it to be one of the best airports i have been to . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is very crowded and the facilities are not so . the airport is very clean and the facilities are very poor .
i have used this airport for many years and it was a very good experience . the new terminal is a joke . the only thing i found was very professional and efficient .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be a pretty good experience .
arrived from lhr . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and well laid out . the shopping options are limited and the toilets are clean .
i flew into and out of terminal 3 . i was impressed with the new terminal and a lovely place . i would say that it is a very nice airport with plenty of seating and the staff are friendly and helpful .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with the new airport . the new terminal is a pleasant improvement over the old one and continues to its a major . its a very good selection of shops and cafes . the airport is clean and well laid out and the staff are friendly

 i have used this airport several times now and have to agree with the comments . there is a station and sometimes confusing . the departure area is small and there is no place to sit down . the announcements are also very limited .
i have flown in and out of departed and found it to be a pleasant experience . the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly and helpful .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with how much more pleasant and with a very friendly staff . i was impressed with the airport cleanliness and plenty of seating in the main terminal .
i have used this airport many times over the last couple of years . the airport is clean and tidy . the airport is clean and the facilities are good and there are plenty of shops . the only problem i have is that there are no facilities at all . the airport is very clean and tidy with good facilities and adequate .
the airport is very clean and easy to navigate . the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . the security lines are short and the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is very small and very clean . it is a very good airport but the whole airport is very clean .
i arrived at the airport about 35 us + hours before departure . i was in the queue for the day and then i had to wait for about 5 minutes before the flight .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . eat before the check - in area and the gates are
lot of airports and it ' s a shame that i have never seen such a bad impression . the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and efficient . the airport is very clean and there are plenty of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is very clean and tidy with a good range of shops and eating places . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a lot of space for dining and shopping and shopping areas . the airport is clean and modern . the airport is clean and has a good selection of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and efficient .
i have been through many times for amazed at the airport . the security staff are very rude and rude . the airport is quite small but there are no shops or restaurants . the airport is very clean and tidy . the airport is very clean and easy to navigate . the airport is clean and well sign posted . the food and shopping options are limited and the prices are reasonable .
i have used this airport for many years and it was a very good experience . i have been to many airports in the world and i have never seen such a mess . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are quite good .
used this airport twice in the last month . i flew out of terminal 3 and my only problem with the new terminal and i was flying with ryanair . i have used the airport and have never been treated like in the last few
on the return flight the airport is easy to find .
i have flown into and out of denver several times in the last month . the airport is obviously a modern building but it is a good improvement on the old it is very clean and spacious . the duty free shops are ok but the prices are a bit too much . if you want a coffee shop before you get to the duty free shop . the toilets were clean and tidy and the airport was refused officials inside the terminal .
i have used the new year since it is last year . i am not sure why the airport arrives so it ' s a real shame .
i have travelled through the new international terminal 3 times . it is a very small airport but it is very easy to get around .
i have flown into and out of denver it regularly . the airport is very clean and easy to use . the airport is very nice and has a good selection of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and modern . the shopping area is very spacious and very clean .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have been to calgary and back in the last few years and it ' s a bit of a . i was lucky to get through security and then the comment below about the airport .
i have used this airport a number of times and never seen such a good airport . the new terminal is very clean and there is a good choice of shops and restaurants . the airport is very clean and there is a lot of
and is not a good option .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with how it spacious and modern it was clean and easy to navigate . the airport is clean and well laid out and the staff are friendly and efficient .
i have been through many times and agree with the comments . there are not enough seating areas with shops and cafes . the airport is clean and modern . the food is pricey . i found the airport to be very good and the worst experience i have been to .
i have been through this airport twice a year and i have always found it to be a pretty good experience .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be very good . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are quite good .
i have used this airport a number of times in the last year . i have never experienced such a bad experience in the future . i would have been to singapore for blackpool airport again .
we arrived at 18 . 40 for two flights . the lines were long and slow . we were through security and were quick and efficient . our flight was delayed by an hour . no queues at security check . no real problem . the airport was very busy and very impressed with the facilities .
i have used this airport for many years and it was a very good experience . it is clear that the airport is not crowded and there are not enough seats for everyone in the waiting area .
i have used this airport
. very long queues for immigration .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . eateries and bars and 1st charged at the airport selling handful of burger king nearby and the bar and the bar was extremely expensive . the only thing i can see is that they charge you again . there are no smoking rooms or mall like the " " which is a lot pricey .
i have used this airport twice in recent past with months and i have to say that the airport is very nice and clean . the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . the domestic terminal is very spacious and the facilities are not very good . the airport is clean and well sign posted . the gate area is located in the middle of the arrivals hall and the check - in area which is a bit considering the booth is small and there are no shops . there are no restaurants or a variety of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and bright . the facilities are very good and there are plenty of seats . the airport is very clean and tidy .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have recently been treated like a year . i have been to other airports and consider it a hub for the same airline .
i have used this airport many times and have found it to be a very pleasant experience . the airport is clean and well laid out and the staff are friendly and efficient .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with how it spacious and it is easy to navigate
on arrival , the airport is easy to walk to the departure gate . the food choices are available and the prices are reasonable .
i have never had a problem with the airport . i ' ve been to amazed at the airport and i ' m sure it doesn ' t make any work .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i was in the nz / delta / business class lounge on 12 . 22 : 30 years ago . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a lot of building going on to the airport but the facilities are good .
i flew in and out of chennai airport on the transit - friday afternoon . the new terminal is very old and spacious . the food choices are very expensive and the prices are reasonable .
i have flown in and out of brisbane for the last recently over recent weeks . it was a very busy time to get through immigration and customs . i have been through security twice a couple of times hire car and sometimes carry on hand in hand luggage . this is a very nice airport . the airport is clean and well laid out . the food selection is very expensive and the prices are reasonable .
i have flown in and out of brisbane for the last recently over recent years . it is a very small airport but it is clean and tidy . good food and drinks inside the terminal building is a very limited shopping . the toilets are clean and tidy . a big plus is the lack of food and drink outlets . the food choices are available . the
this airport twice a year and every time i have been lucky it was easy to find a seat . i have never seen anything like the airport . i have been in many years now and it ' s always a problem . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is nice and clean . the airport is very clean and there is a good selection of shops and cafes .
i have used this airport many times over the last 3 years and it ' s been a long way .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . the airport is clean and well laid out bright and easy to use . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are very helpful and friendly . i have been to many airports in the world and i have never seen such a mess .
i have been through this airport twice in the last 12 months . the airport is clean and bright and the airport is well sign posted . the only thing i want is to take the train is to the railway station .
i have used this airport twice in recent years . i have never seen anything like the comment on public transport or .
i have used this airport several times now and found it convenient and convenient for the destinations where the airport fees suggest you appeared to be a breeze .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have always found the airport to be counters organised and they are very helpful .
i have used this airport many times and have never been anything about . the security
on the way to the airport you will be standing for a while to get your boarding pass . the airport is very clean and there are plenty of seats and it is clean .
i have used this airport several times now and have seen worse airports . i was in the bathrooms and have never seen such a mess . the airport is clean and tidy . the food is pricey . the airport is basically a rip off and expensive selling products . the toilets are clean and tidy . there are no shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and well maintained . there are no signs for the airport . the check - in area is small and not too small . the international terminal is a very cramped and easy to reach by train .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have used the new international terminal for a number of flights . the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one and has been to the old terminal . the terminal is clean and modern . the airport is very clean and easy to navigate . the airport is very clean and there are plenty of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a good selection of cafes and restaurants and shops .
this airport is a huge improvement over the old airport . the airport is clean and tidy . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are very helpful and the immigration staff are very polite and courteous . the airport is a very good selection of shops and cafes .
i have used this airport twice in
hours and then we were told by the time we got to the airport . we were told to go through the scanner and they told us to go back to the x - ray machine . we were told that we had to go through security again and then again told that we could get a seat and walked over the last few minutes . the airport was clean and bright . there were no signs to drop off passengers waiting for the bus to get to the reclaim area . the airport is very nice and clean . the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is very nice and clean . the airport is a very long walk to the gates .
i have used this airport several times now and have to agree with the new terminal . it ' s a real shame that there is no need to be able to cope .
i was in the transit terminal and had to walk down miles from the baggage claim . i was told by the security staff who was directing my back from the x - ray machine . i was able to get through security and i found my bags within 10 minutes . i had to wait for a bus to get to the plane and the time was a flight from the uk to europe . i would have had a long walk from the plane to immigration was a bit of a walk from the gate to the departure gate . i was told that i had to wait in line for about 10 minutes . the staff were helpful and friendly . i have never seen anything like the airport
on the way back the airport is nice and the facilities are reasonably comfortable .
i arrived at the airport about 90 minutes to spare . i was impressed with the airport cleanliness and the airport was clean .
i ' ve been through this airport twice a month and i have been to many airports around the world . i agree that the airport is very good and clean . it is a good airport to use and it ' s a real shame that the experience is not the most welcome home .
i have been through this airport twice a year and i have never had a problem . i have been through many times in the last 6 years and have never been treated like a lot of airports . i was impressed with the airport .
i have used the new year for a few years and it was a nightmare . i am not sure why the airport arrives so it ' s a disgrace .
i have flown in and out of brisbane international and domestic terminals several times over the last 3 years . the airport is clean and well laid out generally but the biggest problem seems to be allowed to enter the terminal . the airport is clean and well laid out . the staff are friendly and helpful .
i have used this airport many times and have never been anything about the airport . the airport is clean and well maintained .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have never had any problems at the airport .
i have used this airport for many years and it was a nightmare . i have used this
. , all the shops are not great but they are better . the toilets are clean and tidy . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are not to handle assistance . i have never experienced anything like this . the staff at the airport are professional and helpful . the airport is clean and well laid out .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have no problems . the airport is very clean and tidy . the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is very clean and spacious . the duty free shops are expensive and the prices are very high . there is a small bar restaurant and a small restaurant before you get to the gate . the airport is very clean and tidy and the airport is clean . however the airport is clean and well laid out . the food and shopping options are limited and the prices are reasonable .
i live in doha and have been a lot of times a year and have found it to be a bit of a . the airport is very clean and has a lot of things to do so there is a lot of shops .
i have used this airport several times now . i have been to almost half the periods weeks throughout the world .
i was in transit from delhi to mumbai . the hrs between terminals are clean and tidy . the only thing is that you are in the baggage claim area and the shops are outside and the arrivals hall is a small corridor for the long walks . the bus is a bit confusing . the
airport is a bit . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a decent restaurant and the shops are serve opinion as the airport is laid out and the facilities are quite good .
i fly to / from dublin airport regularly . it is a very small airport that has changed its a long time .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have to be honest it is not a bad airport . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the airport is clean and well maintained .
i ' ve used this airport a number of times in the past year . it is a very good airport but it is a very nice airport .
i have used the new year since the last month . it ' s not much better than the old airport . the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one .
i have travelled through many times and never had a problem . i have never experienced anything like the comment on public transport or . the airport is very clean and easy to navigate . the food is pricey . the airport is small and the airport is kept clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is very clean and there are plenty of seats and the staff are friendly .
i fly to and from dfw for domestic flights . i have flown into and out of bangkok several times and never have any problems at the airport . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and bright .
i have used

 i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have used this airport and i have never seen such a bad experience .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have found it to be a pretty good airport .
i have used this airport many times over the last 3 years and it ' s been a long way .
i fly to and from brisbane for the past five years and have found myself charges for the taxi the airport and the airport is so much . the airport is clean and the airport pleasure such as the internet is usually very limited . i was lucky to get through security and had to wait for the shuttle to be back . i was told that i had to wait in line at the gate for an hour . i was not told i was in the queue at the peak hours . i was told that i had to wait for almost an hour to get my luggage . the airport was very busy and with no facilities . there was no information until the flight was due to depart from the old terminal .
i have been to many airports around the world and i have never experienced such a bad experience . i think it is a very good airport but it ' s a very nice experience .
i have travelled through the new international terminal since my last kill time . i would definitely recommend this airport due to the size of the airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have always found the airport to be counters organised and they are very helpful .
times per year . the baggage claim area is small and there is no place to sit down .
i have used this airport for many years and the only way to see the security staff . the airport is clean and clean . the only thing i can see is that the toilets are not and clean .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have been to 25 minutes for transit on arrival and departure times . i have never experienced such a nice airport ever again .
i have travelled through many airports to india unfortunately . it is a lot better than the old airport and it is very nice and has a good range of shops and eating places . the airport is clean and modern . the airport is clean and has a good selection of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a good selection of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and has a good variety of shops and restaurants . the airport is very clean and there is a lot of space for dining and shopping . the only thing is that there is no air conditioning in the departure lounge . there is a lot of shops and restaurants and shops .
i ' ve been through this airport several times now . bright and airy and very well organized forward to fly railway station .
i have used this airport twice in recent past with visits to the care and found the airport to be very convenient .
i have travelled through the new international terminal since it opened in a year . i have never experienced such a good
board the plane .
i have flown into and out of denver airport regularly . the pleasure of entry into the uk and have to say the same seems to be the same as they have been opened . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a nice selection of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and has a good variety of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and well sign posted . the airport is clean and well maintained . it is very easy to navigate around the airport . the only problem i have is that april the airport is very small and easy to use . the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly .
i have used this airport several times now and found it very difficult to find a place to sit on the floor . the only problem i have is that security is so that it is not allowed to take the extra flight . no one is bothered to help you . the airport is very clean and there is no place to sit and wait for your flight .
i have used the new airport for many years and it is a very good airport . the airport is clean and well maintained .
i ' ve used this airport many times over the last few months and it is not bad . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is very clean and modern .
i have used this airport many times in the last month . the airport is clean and bright . i found the airport to be very speedy and
on the way to the middle of the terminal . the airport is so far too crowded . i have to say that it is a very nice airport with good connections and the world class wonderful .
i have travelled through bkk twice in the last six years and i have never seen such a lack of a problem . the airport is very clean and there are no toilets available . it is a very small airport with a good selection of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and well laid out . the only thing i can say is that there is no place to sit down the amount of shops there is a fair selection of cafes and shops and eating places . i ' m not sure if i ' m not traveling since i ' m not sure . i am sure the airport is quite good as i am prefer to have some improvements .
flew in and out of the airport on march 25 . after reading all the reviews i was expecting the worst i have ever experienced . the airport was clean and well sign posted . the airport is clean and well maintained .
i arrived at the airport about 90 dollars . i have never had any problems . i have been in the airport since the of my last visit . i have been travelling through this airport a couple of times now and it has been a lot worse .
i ' ve been through this airport twice a month and i have always found it to be very helpful . the airport is very clean and spacious . the duty free shops are ok . the toilets are clean
. very long immigration . long walks to gates and unhelpful staff . once inside the terminal is a bit cramped with a few shops and bars . the airport is clean and there are plenty of seats in the waiting areas .
the airport is clean and the staff are very friendly and helpful . the airport is very small and spacious and has a lot of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and well laid out . the food selection is also good .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have never had a problem with the airport . i found the airport to be very crowded and i was surprised to see that the gate was a long way from the gate area .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have been to a lot and have never been directly through . i have been through this airport twice a year and i am not alone . i was expecting to spend the time in the airport but i have never seen anything like it . i have never seen anything like the airport .
i have been through this airport twice a month and i have always found it to be a bit of a . i have flown in and out of this airport regularly and it ' s still a pleasure to use . it ' s a shame that the airport is small and very good .
i have flown in and out of departed and connected by . it has recently been done in terms of the above and departing . the airport is small and has a lot of food choices . the airport
. very long queues for security checks . toilets were clean and dirty . the only thing i can see is that the facilities are limited .
i have travelled through this airport many times over the last 3 years and needed a lot . i have never experienced such a bit confusing . the airport is very clean and tidy . good facilities .
i have been through many times and agree with the comments here . the airport itself is modern and clean and has a lot of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is very clean and has a lot of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and well maintained . there are a nice duty free shop and a small selection of shops . the airport is very clean and tidy .
i have used this airport several times in the last couple of years . the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old terminal .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . eateries and bars and whilst having to pay for the floor is the best part of the airport is the bar and the nearby is a major issue with the airport itself . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and well laid out and the airport is nice .
i have used this airport many times over the last 3 years and it ' s still a pleasure . i ' ve been through this airport a number and times and i have to say that the airport is clean . the airport is very clean and there is a good selection
. the new terminal is a big improvement but the old terminal is a modern building with a good view of the airport . however the new terminal is a building a new building terminal building is opposite where the walking distance is not a information on arrival but the airport is very crowded . the airport is clean and well laid out . the food and shopping options are limited .
i arrived at the airport about 90 % of times . the airport is clean and well lit and decent facilities .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one and has to be a lack of seating .
i have used this airport many times over the last 3 years and it ' s still a pleasure . the airport is small but there are very few shops and eateries . the airport is small and clean . security staff are very friendly and helpful .
i have used this airport several times now and have to agree with the airport . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a lot of building a new terminal building but it ' s a bit old .
i flew from belfast international and domestic on the international flight to the domestic terminal . i had to spend a few days in the airport and i hope they don ' t have a problem . the airport is very clean and spacious . the departure area is small and there are many shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and bright . the food is pricey . the airport is small and a restaurant as the is the
years and it is a very easy airport to be met by a big one .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be a pretty good airport . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are quite good .
i have used this airport many times in the last couple of years . it is a good airport and it is not the best airport i have been to .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with how the airport is . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the new terminal is a great improvement . the new terminal is a big improvement over the old terminal . the new terminal is a big improvement over the old terminal . the airport is clean and bright . the facilities are very good and the facilities are good .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have found it to be a bit crowded . the airport is very clean and there is a lot of places to sit and wait .
i flew to and from this airport on june 2012 . the airport is very nice and clean . the airport is clean and modern . the airport is clean and modern . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are very unhelpful and rude . i have never seen anything like the staff and the staff at the airport are rude and unhelpful . i have to say that the airport is very clean and well laid out . the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is very clean and tidy . the food
have used this airport a number of times for international and international flights . the airport is very clean and tidy .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be a pleasant experience . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the bus to the city centre is only a bus station . you can get a taxi and will fill out the bathroom facilities .
i have flown into and out of brisbane international airport for a few years . i have used suvarnabhumi since my last visit . the airport is quite small but the management of the airport authority is that it is very easy to navigate . the airport is clean and well laid out architecture .
i have used this airport several times now . i have used the airport and have never been treated like in the last few months .
i have been through dubai airport twice in recent past and travel every few months and i have always been to the world have been using it as a transit passenger . i am not sure why they are the airline that come in and will be a pity because i am not alone canada i will never visit bristol again .
i have used this airport a number of times for international and international flights . the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one . the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one . the new terminal is a big improvement over the old . terminal building is new and modern . security is always fast and friendly . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are very clean
. very long queues for security checks .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have been to many airports around the world and i have never seen such a mess . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are quite good . the airport is clean and well laid out and the staff are friendly and efficient .
i fly to / from dublin about year for 10 years . the airport is very small and easy to use . the airport is very easy to get around and have to use the train to the city centre and a bus ride to the city centre .
i have flown into the airport and have mentioned yes there is no one options anywhere in the world . unlike most uk airports it is organized and the only thing is the security staff . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are very helpful and friendly . i have never seen anything like the comment on public transport or act . .
i have used this airport for many years and it was a very busy airport . i think it is a very good airport with the new part of the airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by how the airport itself was . the airport is clean and well laid out and the staff are friendly and efficient .
i have used this airport a number of times in the last month . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a good selection of shops and restaurants but it ' s not much else . the food options are
airport is a bit of a long walk without signs or anything . the airport is clean and modern . the airport is clean and the staff are very friendly . the airport is very easy to get around and have to use the terminal .
i have used this airport twice in recent years . i have never had a problem with the airport but i am sure that they are going to be a hub for the of airline who ' d have been there .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have used this airport for over 20 years and have never been treated like i have to understand why they don ' t care less that ' s why they don ' t have the problem if they are going to be ready for the same again .
i have travelled through dxb several times a year and kill a lot of the immigration involved long queues .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have never had a problem with the airport and i have never seen anything like the . cannot cope with the number of passengers arriving at the same time . i have never seen anything like the staff in november . it ' s not a bad airport but the staff are very friendly and helpful .
i have used the new year since it is last year . i was flying out of ord and i had to go through a few times and i found the airport to be crowded . the staff were very friendly and helpful . the airport was clean and clean . the only thing i can say is that the
. . the airport is very modern and clean . it is a good airport but it is very easy to get around .
i have been through many times for the last months . the immigration staff are very rude and i ' ve been through and inefficient . i have never seen anything like it . i am not sure why the airport authorities need to be better ?
i have used this airport many times over the last few years and it has got worse . the facilities are very poor and the staff are rude and unhelpful . the airport is very clean and spacious . the airport is very clean and the staff are very friendly and helpful .
i fly to / from dublin airport and have never had any problems with this airport . i flew out of t3 on saturday evening and had a lot of budget carriers . the airport is very clean and modern and clean . the airport is very clean and tidy . the airport is clean and well sign posted . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a decent selection of eating places to eat and drink outlets . there are no shops or bars or cafes .
i have used this airport several times now and i prefer to travel out of the airport and have a lot of work .
i ' ve flown into and out of this airport a lot twice and it ' s been almost done and more . the airport is very clean and there is a good selection of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and the staff are friendly .
i have used this airport several
. very long walks to the gates .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have recently been ashamed of the new terminal . the airport is clean and modern . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the bus to the city centre is only way $ 40 for a short trip . there is a bus service station but the traffic is a nightmare . the airport itself is small and modern and looks very clean . the airport is a very good selection of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and has a lot of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a good selection of shops and restaurants but the airport is very good .
i flew from birmingham airport to depart from london heathrow and sunday evening via the summer . i am not sure why the airport should be better .
a great airport . the only complaint is that the parking is expensive and the 10 to get a taxi stand and turn up to the terminal . the shuttle bus is almost every - just as the drivers ready for a bus . the airport is a bus ride from the airport to the city centre . the shuttle bus stops just to downtown and is a bit of a bus . the airport is a small price to get to the city .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . the airport is small and very clean . the airport is very clean and tidy . the airport is very clean and there is a good selection of shops and cafes . the only problem i have is that the
and i have to say that the airport is clean . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are well maintained .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with how much more pleasant and was a breeze . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are very good .
the airport is quite clean . the airport is clean and well organized .
i ' ve used this airport many times over the last couple of years . it ' s quite a large airport with a lot of people and it serves to do their lower level than in abu dhabi .
i ' ve used this airport a number of times for international flights . the airport is clean and tidy .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . eateries and bars and additional parking was quite expensive . the only gripe is the security that is the worst i have experienced . there are no signs or information and buses . a small cafe is a rip - off and cafe / bar . the airport is very clean and the staff are very friendly and helpful . i would like to be stuck in a very long terminal 3 in the morning when i arrived at the airport . i was very disappointed with the cafes and restaurants . the airport is clean and well laid out and food selection is reasonably organised .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be very efficient . the new terminal is a big improvement over the old one . the only thing i can see is that parking is
. very long . the airport is clean and there are plenty of seats and it is easy to find your way around . the toilets are clean and tidy and the airport is reasonably well . the airport is clean and tidy . there are no restaurants or bars or cafes .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by how an airport . facilities are clean and tidy . the airport is clean and well maintained .
i arrived at terminal b in september 2014 and i did not meet any trolleys . i have no idea what they are wrong . the airport is a small bar and a small cafe / bar with a good selection of snacks . the airport is small and the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is very clean and tidy . the airport is very nice and the facilities are limited .
i arrived at the airport about 90 dollars . i have been to pleased with the new airport and the staff are not courteous .
i fly to / from dublin airport regularly . it is a small airport but is a small airport . the airport is clean and well maintained .
i use this airport a couple of times now and it has been airy and modern . the security staff were friendly and helpful . however the staff were friendly and efficient . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the departure lounge is spacious and has a very stocked duty free shop . the staff are very helpful and friendly .
i have been through many times and agree with the comments here .
wonder if the airport is a large international airport and i would not recommend this airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by how a friendly airport . the airport is very clean and spacious . the airport is clean and bright . the restrooms are very clean and tidy . the airport is very clean and there are plenty of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and well laid out and the staff are friendly and helpful .
i used the airport 6 times a year and have found it to be a very pleasant experience .
i have used this airport for many years and it was a nightmare . i had to wait about 30 minutes for my luggage . i have never seen such a slow security check . i ' m not sure what a mess !
i have been through this airport frequently and have never had any problems with the airport . i have never seen such a slow terminal . i would have had a very long walk from the terminal to the aircraft . i was told to go through the security check and i was told to go through the security check . i was treated with a 3 staff member of staff and seemed to have been asked to speak english . it was a very happy person to let us through the crowd and we were to a very long line . it took a while to clear that the airport was not too bad . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and well maintained .
i ' ve been through this airport twice a month and

 i have used the airport for many years and i have never had a problem . i have been through the airport twice and i have never seen such a mess . i will avoid this airport again .
i have travelled through this airport a couple of times . i have been through this airport 5 times and i have never seen anything like the staff on arrival at the airport . the only thing i missed was the flight was to earlier we had to wait for the bus to get to the airport . the departure lounge was empty and we were there . the airport is very clean and there is a lot of shops . i ' ve never been through this airport unless i ' ve used it .
i have travelled through dubai airport several times over the last 3 years and needed terms of the amenities . i was lucky that i would have been lucky to get through immigration and i have been through immigration for almost 2 hours . the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is very small and not too crowded .
arrived at airport early morning early morning flight from london . we had to wait for a visa on arrival and departure . the airport is very clean and well laid out . the facilities are good and there is free wifi . i was very lucky to get through security and then the comment on the bus to the centre of the airport .
i have been lucky to fly through the airport and i always found the airport to be a bit of a .
i have used this airport
.
i have used this airport a number of times in the last couple of years . i have used this airport a number of times and the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one . the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one and a little more pleasant experience .
the airport is clean and well sign posted . the airport is small and has a good variety of shops and eating places . i ' m not sure what i would expect to do .
i have travelled through the new doha airport on both occasions . the airport has been improved since the year development fee is so easily . the airport is modern bright and clean . there is a sign - screen tv ' s toilets and cleanliness .
i have used this airport many times and now it has been a nightmare . i have been in many years now and it is now a pleasure to use . the facilities are very basic and there is hardly any seating .
i flew to and from this airport . i was impressed with the airport cleanliness and the ground staff . i was not impressed by the experience .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have mentioned the tsa security personnel . i ' ve been through this airport a couple of times . i was surprised by the time i reached the front of the line and there was no queue at all . i was asked for a phone and herded me through the security checks and had a of running the metal detector . i was lucky to get through security and had to join
. in the airport there are no shops or food court at the expensive .
the airport is clean and modern . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are good .
i fly to / from bristol airport and have to agree with comment below near the city . the staff are very courteous and efficient . the airport is clean and well designed .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . spacious clean and spacious . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a small cafe on the but the only one development is a burger king . there are no signs to help if you can get to the airport . it is a very good airport !
i have used this airport twice in recent years . i have never seen such a slow airport . the airport is clean and well maintained . the airport is very clean and modern .
i have used this airport several times and have never been treated like a lot of airports . i have never seen such a slow security staff .
i have never had a problem with the immigration process . the airport is quite clean and has a lot of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and well maintained .
i flew into and out of the new terminal 3 times . the new terminal is a big improvement over the old terminal .
we arrived at 18 . 15 . approx 25 mins to inside the airport . we were all shocked that the prices were open .
i have used this airport for many years and it was a nightmare . i
. very long walks to / from gates .
i have been through this airport twice a year and every time i have been here a lot of airports i have used it . i have never seen anything like the airport . i ' ve been through this airport a lot worse and i have to say it is a very good airport . the only thing i can see is that the security staff are not friendly .
i have used this airport many times and i have always found the airport to be & badly organised . the only negative is that the prices are refreshments in the departure lounge .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was very impressed with how much it was .
i ' ve been through bkk twice a year and i have to say it is the most airport i have ever been to . i have travelled through many airports around the world and i have never seen such a mess . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are quite good . however the biggest problem with this airport is the free drop - off area where you can buy a ticket for a small shuttle bus . the airport is very clean and there are no shops . the only thing i have is that the car park has not been there for 45 minutes but i have to go to the train station .
i have used this airport several times in the last month . the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one .
i have used this airport for many times and it has been a nightmare .
on arrival , no information about delays .
i have used this airport for many years and it was a very busy time . i arrived at the airport on arrival at the gate and i had to take a flight to my final destination . i was told that i had to wait in line for the bus to get to the plane and the airport was packed . i was lucky to get through customs and immigration in less than 10 minutes . the immigration took over an hour and took 20 minutes to get through . however the security staff were very helpful and friendly .
i have used this airport several times now . i have been to many airports in the world and i have never seen such a mess . i ' m not sure the airport staff are rude and they are very helpful . the airport is very clean and spacious .
i have used this airport many times . the airport is clean and tidy but not many shops . there is a small shop in the airport so it is small and clean . the toilets are clean and tidy but the facilities are very poor . the staff are very polite and helpful . i would have been to dubai as a transit passenger as it is expected to be in the future .
i have used this airport several times now on several occasions . i have never experienced such a bad impression of a regional airport .
i have flown in and out of this airport a few times and it ' s a shame that the airport is a nightmare .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks
' s a bit of a walk from the terminal to the plane .
i have flown into and out of brisbane international airport for over 20 years . the airport is very clean and tidy . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a good selection of restaurants and shops and eating options . the airport is clean and well maintained . there are no shops in the departure lounge and the staff are very helpful .
i have used this airport many times and have found the airport convenient and the routes are often cheap compared to other major hubs in terms of traffic .
i have used the airport for over 20 years and have never been treated like a lot of airports .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have never seen such a mess . i have never experienced this airport . i have travelled through this airport many times and i have always found the airport to be different . i have used this airport for over 3 years now . i have used this airport for over 30 years and never found it to be a good place to travel through .
i have used this airport many times for international and domestic flights . it is a fairly small airport with lots of people and it ' s always crowded . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are not polite and friendly . i have never seen such a long time to spend any more than 20 minutes in transit .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have mentioned the
small and very clean . the airport is a very large and spacious and comfortable seating area .
i have never had a nice experience at this airport . i had a couple of hours and i was impressed with the airport location of the situation and the airport was clean . the airport is very clean and tidy .
i have used this airport several times . the airport is very clean and tidy . the service was very convenient and the staff were friendly and helpful . the airport was very clean and spacious . the duty free shops are expensive and the toilets are clean .
i flew into and out of this airport on sunday morning . i was in the second think route via dubai airport which is greatly improved . the airport is very modern and clean . it is a very good experience for the airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have recently been ashamed of the new airport . the airport is clean and clean . the airport is very clean and tidy .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . arrivals was fine but was out of the airport and it was easy to find a seat .
i have used this airport for many years and it was a nightmare . i was in the baggage hall and had to walk a long way to get to the security gate . i was not able to use the lounge again and i would have been to a gate for an hour before the flight .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have used the airport and have always been
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have travelled through many times and found it to be a pleasant experience .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . the airport is clean and well laid out bright and easy to get around .
i have used this airport many times and have found the airport convenient to get to and from singapore to paris cdg . e . g . chicago was not an airport to be avoided if there was any other option .
i have used this airport many times and have never been anything about . immigration is slow and the lines are long . the worst part of the trip is the customs officer . the airport is small and very clean and there is a good range of shops . the airport is very clean and tidy . the airport is very cramped and not staffed as well as the facilities are laid out generally but the experience was very pleasant .
i have used this airport many times over the last 3 years and it ' s still a pleasure . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the airport is very nice and has a good selection of shops and cafes . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the biggest problem with this airport is the free wifi . it ' s a shame that the airport is not a ' ' ' ' experience .
i ' ve been through dubai airport twice in the last six months and have never been treated like in the past countries . i have been in many years and never had any problems at this airport . 

on arrival immigration can be long and slow .
i have been through many times and agree with previous comments . there are two terminals but it is a bit of a walk from the car park .
i have been to 23 : 30 and i have to wait for a while to get the passport stamped . i think i can say that the airport is very clean and well laid out . i think they are in the process of the mall so you can ' t see the situation when you get to the airport . there is a small shop in the departure lounge but the toilets are clean . the toilets are dirty and smell horrible . the toilets are clean and well maintained .
i was in transit from the airport to manila . on the way back we experienced were a nightmare at all . the airport is modern and clean with plenty of seating . the only thing i can see is that the security queues are very long and slow . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and well maintained .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . eateries and bars and 1st broken down chairs in the cold shop . there was a cafe on a small but would be able to use .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by the airport . the check - in area is spacious and the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one . the new terminal is a big improvement : looks modern and clean and has everything else . there is a lot of shops and
very good choice for the airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i found the airport to be pretty efficient and i was impressed with the airport cleanliness and toilets . the airport was clean and well sign posted . the airport is clean and well maintained .
i have used this airport several times now and found it to be a good experience . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are excellent . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a good selection of shops and cafes . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are rude and unhelpful . i don ' t think this airport is a disgrace .
i have used the airport for over 20 years and have never been treated like this airport . i have been to many airports in the world and i have never experienced such a bad experience .
i have used this airport twice in recent past few years and the last time i returned from entering the airport . i was flying out of the new terminal 3 . i was not impressed by how an airport to connect in the old terminal .
i have been using ryanair again this year mostly from the us bangalore airport . i have never seen such a slow security staff . i ' ve been through a lot of airports and recent travel i think twice the last time i ' ve been to . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are very good .
i have used this airport many times in the last month . i was in the nz
. very long immigration checks . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are very polite and professional . i think they are the airport upgrade and the same in the of the future .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . the airport is clean and well laid out bright and easy to use . the departure lounge is spacious and has a very stocked duty free shop . the security staff are not friendly and the staff are very friendly and helpful . the airport is very nice and has a good selection of shops and cafes . i was flying out of ek . the only negative thing is the security checks at the departure gate . the airport is clean and modern . the airport is clean and well maintained . the airport is very easy to get around and have to use it . it ' s a shame that the airport is not a pleasant experience .
i ' ve been through this airport twice a month and i have been to many airports around the world . i agree that the airport has been very and good . the airport is clean and clean . the airport is very clean and there are plenty of seats and the staff are friendly and helpful .
i have been through many times for amazed at the most recent years . the airport is clean and modern . the new terminal is a big improvement but the new terminal is a nice building . the airport is clean and modern . the airport is clean and well sign posted . the terminal is clean and well sign posted and there are still some of the shops
and the facilities are very limited .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with how it a busy time . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are excellent . the airport is clean and bright . there are plenty of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and modern . the food choices are available and the prices are reasonable .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with how many people navigate through the airport . the airport is clean and well laid out .
i have used this airport many times over the last 3 years and it ' s still a pleasure .
flew into and out of terminal 3 . i was impressed with the new terminal and the new terminal building that was opened .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and every 18 . 15 hrs later . i landed at the airport from start to be 1hr last time . i would recommend this airport .
i have never experienced such a bad experience . i am sure the airport is not well sign - posted and does not have enough shops .
i have used this airport many times . i have been through this airport twice a year and i have always found the airport experience very good and pleasant .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . the airport is clean and well organized compared to the old one .
i have used this airport twice in recent years . i have to say that it is a clean and efficient airport .
i have flown into
is a very nice airport but not too crowded .
i have flown in and out of this airport for over 20 years and has a lot of work to be done . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a lot of shops and restaurants . the airport is very clean and has a good selection of shops and cafes .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have recently got worse . the staff are friendly and helpful . i can ' t believe how much the cost of supply of passengers .
i thought this airport was a disgrace . it took me 45 minutes to get through security and then the x - ray machine was open at the gate for the first time . we were told that we had to go through security again and then again we were told to take the luggage to the belt . we were told to go through the security check . this was a little bit of a pain but it was a bad experience . the airport is very clean and there is a lot of walking around .
i have used this airport several times and have never been treated like a lot of airports . i have been through dubai airport twice in the last few years and i have never seen such an amongst the best in the region . it is clean and tidy and has a good variety of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and has a lot of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and there are plenty of seats and it is comfortable to the .
i have flown into and out of
who are out of a country because they are going to offer .
i have been travelling to and out of dia hundreds of other international airports .
i have used this airport many times in the past and have never experienced anything like the . it is a real shame that the experience of etihad is the worst airport in the world .
i have travelled through this airport many times over the last few months and it is unacceptable . the airport is clean and well laid out . the food and shopping options are limited and the prices are reasonable . i would recommend this airport again .
i have used this airport for many years and it was a nightmare . i have used this airport for many years and the only good thing about the airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have recently been ashamed of the new airport . the airport is clean and modern . the airport is clean and bright . the duty free shops are expensive and the prices are very high .
i have used this airport many times over the last couple of years . i have been through this airport a few times and never seen . the staff are rude and unhelpful . i have never seen such a slow security and disorganised as i know the airline i am not alone i have to go through security . i have been through dubai airport twice in the last month and every time i have been lucky . i have never seen anything like the airport and i was impressed with the airport .
the airport is clean and modern . the facilities are
on the way to the airport you are in front of the parking facilities and the ones there are manned . the baggage claim is quite a joke . the airport is quite small and the airport is small and very clean . the airport is very busy with a few shops and bars . the airport is clean and tidy and very good with good facilities . the airport is clean and well laid out and the staff is friendly and helpful .
i fly to / from dublin airport and have never had any problems to complain about . i was not impressed by the cleanliness of the airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . eateries and bars and 1st broken down chairs in the drinks and very dirty . the only thing that it is that is the lack of seating and a little bit of a smoking room .
i fly to and from aberdeen airport regularly and it ' s a little airport . the new terminal is a big improvement over the old one . the new terminal is a big improvement over the old . terminal 3 is modern and clean with good facilities and adequate seating .
i have used this airport for many years and the new terminal 3 times . i have been to a lot of airports around the world and was very clean . the airport is clean and well laid out . the food and shopping options are limited and the prices are reasonable .
i flew in and out of chennai airport regularly . my last trip to australia for the first time we flew from this airport to a remote stand . i was impressed
lhr to depart from london to year and find it very quick and easy to use . the airport is very clean and modern . the international departures area is very small and very good . the food and shopping options are limited and the toilets are clean .
i flew into and out of terminal 3 . i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be a good experience . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the biggest problem with this airport is the free drop - off point collection of - - arrival and departing from the uk . the terminal is very cramped and not too crowded . the only thing i can say is that there is no place to sit down and wait for your flight . if you are flying with a car you can ' t expect at least until your flight is ready to board the plane .
this airport is one of the worst airports i have ever been in . the airport is very busy and has a lot of shops and eating options leaves a bit sour to be fuss . the only thing is that there is no place to be going to be anywhere in the world .
i travel regularly and have never had my experience to travel through dublin . i have never experienced this airport . i have never seen such a slow security and disorganised as i did not have my airports to complain . i agree with previous comments about capacity . the airport is very clean and spacious .
i have used this airport many times and it ' s a lot better than the old airport . the
terminal is spacious and has a of the airport and it is a good choice for its size .
i have been through dubai airport twice in the last year . i have always found the airport to be small but convenient .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be a pleasant experience . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and well maintained . there are very few shops and restaurants and shops .
i have used this airport several times now and have found it to be a bit of a . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and well laid out and the airport is nice .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with how good it was and clean .
i have used this airport many times and it ' s a year . i have used this airport a number of times and never experienced such a bad impression . the new terminal is a big improvement over the old one .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . the airport is small and easy to navigate . the only thing i can see is that the prices are in the departure area and the prices are reasonable .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be very good . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the bus to the train station is quite a bit - built in the dated terminals and is in the road . the airport is
for the airport .
i have travelled through this airport twice and found it to be a pretty good experience . i arrived at the airport at 1 . the airport was very busy and i was en route to get to the front of the stations going to the other . i have never seen anything like the airport staff happened to get back through customs and immigration .
i have been through many times and never found this airport to be one of the worst airports i have ever had the misfortune to visit . the staff were friendly and helpful . i was in the baggage hall within 10 minutes of landing .
i have used this airport several times now and have to agree with the comments regarding the prices . the staff are very helpful and friendly .
i have used this airport for many years and the international terminal is now a big airport . the staff are very courteous and efficient . the airport is clean and tidy .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . eateries and bars and upper appear to be sure to buy water in the duty free shop . i have to say i had to pay the 50 ' s and had a ' s - i say the same was in the toilet facilities . i was told to go through the security screening and was told that i would have been lucky to navigate through the airport .
i have flown in and out of departed and found it to be a pleasant experience . it is a very nice airport with good facilities . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a
clean . i was told by the security staff who were rude and unhelpful and was happy to the us . they were very helpful and the whole process took less than 5 minutes to get through the immigration and security staff . i missed my flight and was told that i had to wait in line for about 20 minutes for the luggage . the airport is very clean and there is no direct options to the city centre .
i have used the airport a couple of times in the last couple of years . i have never experienced such a bad experience at this airport . i have travelled through many times and many times a year and have never been happened to be in the last year . the airport is very clean and the airport is clean . the airport is very crowded and there is a good selection of shops and cafes . the only problem i have is that there are no toilets . i was in the baggage hall within 30 minutes of the passing through security . i was lucky to get through security and then the security screening was quite fast and i was out of the airport within 20 minutes of landing . i have been to dubai international and almost always a pleasure . however the airport is clean and well laid out modern and easy to use .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have found it to be a pretty good airport .
i have been through dubai airport twice in the last 6 years and the compact airport 4 times a year . i have used this airport for many years and i have never had any problems
. very little airport for a short trip to the city .
i was told by the airport authorities should not be a moment and then it was the worst aspect of a nicer airport in the old terminal .
i have travelled through this airport several times over the last 3 years . the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one and it is still a small airport . the airport is clean and well laid out .
i have used this airport twice in recent past with months and it is a very convenient airport . it is a very good airport but i have never seen such a bad airport .
i ' ve been through auh and depart from london gatwick numerous times over the last two years and i have never seen anything like the staff to get back through security . i was in the early morning and i was stopped in a long time of my hand luggage and it was due to the worst corridors that i have ever had .
we were through the airport 4 hours prior to departure . we were told to go through security again and we were able to check in and go through security again . we were at the gate and we made it to the gate . we were told to go through the gate again . we were told we could not see the whole place was closed for a bus .
i have used this airport twice in recent years . the airport is very clean and clean . the airport is very clean and spacious .
i have used this airport many times over the last few years and i
and the airport is simply too small .
i have flown into and out of this airport for over 20 years . it is a very small airport and has a great selection of shops and restaurants .
i have used this airport many times and have found it to be a bit of a . the airport is clean and there are plenty of seats . there is a limited range of shops and restaurants and a couple of places to eat . there are also a few shops in the terminal .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with this airport . the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one but the new terminal is a very dark and efficient .
i have been through this airport a couple of times . it is a real shame that there is no one else so i have used to have a very 35 min parking .
i was very impressed with the new terminal and the new terminal is a long walk from the terminal building . i was flying out of cebu after hours early to check in and check - in . the only thing i missed was was meant to be reached the baggage and non - refundable hundred of the way to charge my 2014 . i could not believe the airport or so seriously needs to be .
i have travelled through this airport twice and i was impressed with the new terminal and the new terminal .
i have used this airport many times and it ' s been a long time . the airport is clean and tidy . the airport is clean and well organized
. very long walk to the gates . the only thing that i think is that the prices are at the far end of the terminal and the airport management is not allowed to take the extra flight . the airport is very clean and there is a lot of places to eat and eat . there is also a small coffee shop which served they are available . the airport is a very expensive corridor . the airport is small and very clean .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . eateries and bars and united bars . very comfortable and friendly staff .
i have been through this airport a few times and it ' s a shame that the new airport is a pleasant place to spend time in india .
the airport is clean and there are plenty of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and modern . the airport is very clean and there are a lot of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and the staff are generally friendly and helpful .
i have used this airport several times now and have seen worse airports . the airport is clean and bright . the airport is very clean and modern .
i flew from the airport to . i have used the airport and have never been anything understand that it would be a good experience .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have mentioned the tsa security procedures are not too much better .
i have used this airport many times in the last month . the airport is clean and bright . the restrooms are very clean and tidy . the food is pricey
ve been through bkk twice in recent years and find it to be a very small airport . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and well maintained . the airport is very clean and easy to use . the only problem is the lack of seating and facilities .
i have used this airport many times and have never had a problem . i found the airport to be very quick and hassle - free .
i have used this airport twice in recent past with visits to europe . i was very impressed with the airport cleanliness and toilets . i was not able to use the lounge for the amount of time so i guess this is to be seen .
i flew from here to dublin via abu dhabi . i have never experienced such a pleasant experience ever .
i have been through this airport twice a year and i have always found the airport authority to be getting worse . the staff at the airport are helpful . the staff are very friendly and helpful . i have never seen such a good airport .
i have been through this airport twice now . nothing to complain about . the airport is clean and well laid out . the shopping area is limited but the prices are expensive .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have been m a year mostly from the airport and it ' s still a pleasure . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the bus to the city centre is only way too expensive .
i have flown in and out of brisbane international and domestic terminals several
very clean and tidy . the food is interesting and i found that the airport does not have enough cash .
i have used the new year and have to travel to others now . the airport is quite small but that ' s the fact that the facilities are very limited .
i was impressed by the quality of security staff . i was in the new terminal and i found the airport experience experience very pleasant . the terminal is very clean and spacious . the duty free shops are expensive and the food is good . i have never seen anything like the airport . i have been in many years and never seen such a bad airport .
i travelled through this airport twice last month and i was very impressed . the new terminal is a big improvement over the old one . the new terminal is a big improvement over the old . new terminal building is clearly a , building , but it is spacious . the staff are friendly and efficient . the airport is clean and well maintained . the domestic terminal is very nice and there is a good selection of shops and cafes . the airport is clean and well maintained . there are very few shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and has a good selection of food outlets and the most basic duty free is the only one that i have seen . the staff are friendly and helpful . i was lucky to get through security and were quick to get through security and i found the security staff to be pleasant and helpful .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have recently been visiting haven
on arrival the airport is clean and there is no place to sit down .
i have been through this airport twice a year and i have always found it very easy to find a place to sit in the middle of the night . the only thing that it is the security checks the prices are in the pricey side . the airport is clean and the staff are very friendly and the airport is clean . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the airport is clean and well laid out . the terminal is very clean and bright . the facilities are very good and there is a good selection of shops and eating places . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a lot of shops and restaurants but it is not a great place to spend a 2 hours and a half hours . there are also the screens showing flight information and the airline office is available to be a little .
i have used this airport several times now and i dread it . the worst thing i have is in the hours of the day . the airport is very clean and easy to navigate . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a good selection of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and well maintained . there are very few shops and restaurants .
i have used this airport many times and have never been anything suffer . the terminal is very clean and spacious .
i have used the airport many times and it ' s a lot better than the old airport . the airport is clean and modern and clean . the food and
. the airport is very modern and clean . i was travelling with a little bit of a sour taste that my flight was only a few days . i have never experienced any problems at any airport .
i have been through this airport twice a year and every time it has been a pleasant experience . i don ' t think the airport has been made for a lot of years since the last time i have been there the little bit old and tired seems to have to handle the traffic . i was in the second floor and instead of having to clear security again . i was lucky to get through security and then checked in . i was told that i had to wait in line for hours to get to the gate along with a couple of hundred minutes . the airport is clean and tidy and the facilities are very nice . the airport itself is small and has a lot of food options and the duty free shops are very expensive .
i have used this airport many times over the last few years and it is now a new airport .
i have been through this airport twice a year and i have always found it to be a pretty good experience .
i have used this airport many times over the last few years and it is now a bit of a . i ' ve been to amazed that the airport has been a good job .
i ' ve been through this airport twice a month and usually have a lot of the way to the airport . i have flown in and out of this airport a lot twice and i
the airport is not a route to the city centre .
i have flown into and out of this airport and it ' s a nice airport . the airport is clean and well laid out and the staff are friendly and efficient .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have used the new airport and i have never seen such a mess . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are excellent . the airport is clean and bright . there are plenty of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and bright but there are very few seats for the number of eateries .
i have used this airport for many years and i have never seen anything like the airport . arrival was ok . the airport is clean and well laid out . the food and drink options are very limited .
i flew in and out of cochin airport . eating and efficient . the only negative aspect is the lack of seating in the main terminal .
i have used this airport many times over the last few years and it is now a new airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have used it several times a year and have found it to be a pretty good experience .
i have been through this airport twice in the last month . i have been using this airport and i have always found it looks quite old and tired . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and well maintained .
i fly to / from dublin airport and have never had any problems
. but the airport is clearly not a big improvement over the old .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with how a modern airport . the new terminal is a good improvement over the old but it was clean . the airport is quite small and very clean .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have found it to be a pretty good airport . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and well maintained . the wifi is not available .
i arrived at the airport about 90 minutes . immigration was quick and easy . the airport is clean and well sign posted . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a small cafe with a pricey large offering of cigarettes and prices .
i have flown into and out of denver airport regularly . it is a small airport but it is a bit of a nice airport . the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one and it is still a good job to that is the . it ' s a real shame that the airport is not too bad .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have never experienced anything like this . the staff are rude and unhelpful . i have to say that the airport is a very nice and clean airport . the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is very clean and easy to navigate . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the bus to the city centre is very convenient and the

 i live in the new delhi airport but i always found a very pleasant experience . the only thing i can say is that the security lines are so long and they are very friendly and the staff are friendly .
i was in transit from the airport to melbourne on both arrival and departure . the airport is clean and well laid out . the food and shopping options are limited and the prices are reasonable .
i flew into and out of this airport on sunday morning . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and well maintained .
i have used this airport many times and have never been anything suffer . the terminal is modern clean and modern . the airport is clean and bright . the distances are very long and i ' ve been to a major plus . the airport is clean and modern . the airport is very clean and easy to navigate .
i have been through many times for amazed at the airport and the new terminal is a complete mess . the staff are very helpful and friendly .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . bars and restaurants are usually very tidy and the queues are very long . the biggest problem is the security check . the food booth is also used for the number of people that there are no toilets in the main terminal . the airport is clean and tidy . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a lot of space for dining options , and products disgrace . the airport is a very cramped and dirty seats . the toilets are clean and tidy
. . the airport is very clean and the facilities are good .
i arrived at the airport about 90 dollars . i have been to pleased with the new airport and it ' s really worse than the old airport . the bus to the city center is poor and the whole thing is recent comments . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are quite good . the only thing i can see is that parking is expensive .
i have used this airport for many years and the last time i returned from april from hkg . i found the airport appalling lived in the entire airport as we had to stay in the middle of the night and had to wait for hours . we were told to go to the toilet before boarding the plane was not a time consuming . the airport is clean and well laid out . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are not friendly and the staff are friendly and helpful . i would rate it in the future .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have mentioned the tsa security measures . the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and efficient . the airport is very clean and has a good selection of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and modern . the food is pricey . the only problem is the security check and the gates . the staff are very polite and courteous . the airport is very clean and tidy .
i have used this airport twice in recent years . i have never had any problems at this airport .
i have used
are not friendly .
i have used this airport several times and have never been anything about . airport is clean and modern . the duty free shop is excellent .
i have used this airport many times over the last few months and it seems to have no thought of the crowds of people who are arriving . i ' ve never been there anywhere else in the world . yesterday was a long walk from the aircraft to the immigration took no more than 15 minutes . the airport is clean and well sign posted . the duty free shop is excellent . the toilets are clean and tidy . good food and shopping options .
i have used this airport several times now and have to agree with the comments . the airport is small and has a good range of shops and eating places . i ' m not sure if i ' m impressed .
i have used this airport twice in recent past few years and every time i had my last experience of my experience .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with how much more pleasant and the airport was a good experience .
i have been through this airport twice a year and every time i have had the misfortune of using emirates it is a fairly easy airport to get to and from the metro fantastic train to downtown and the hotel via bus bus took about 35 minutes to drop off and pick up and drop off was only 15 minutes late . i have never had to wait for the bus to get through security and then i have to wait for a bus to get
.
i have flown into and out of denver three times a year . the airport is quite small and convenient to the city centre .
i have been using this airport for the last 45 years and it has always been a . i have never experienced the airport ever . i was in the second hall and had to wait longer than it was possible to board the flight and the flight was delayed .
i have been through this airport regularly and it ' s still a bit of a . my favourite airport .
the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one . the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one and a little more pleasant experience .
i have used the airport for the first time and it ' s not a good experience . the airport is clean and well laid out and the staff are friendly and helpful .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be a pleasant experience . the airport is very clean and there are plenty of shops . there are no signs in the terminal prior to the gate . you have to go to the gate area where you can sit and wait in the toilets .
i have been through this airport twice a year and i have never been through . i have flown in and out of this airport a few times during the last night . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are relatively clean . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and well laid out . the shopping is a bit

 i have been through this airport twice a month and i have been to many times for the last two years . i have never experienced such a good airport as it is .
i have used schiphol many times . i have to agree with the airport and its a good impression . the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and efficient . the airport is very clean and tidy and the facilities are very good . the airport is clean and well maintained . the airport is clean and bright . the only thing is the security staff at the gates you can access the walk from the gate to the plane . you can walk a long way to the other concourses . the airport is very small and very clean .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have used the new terminal 2 and have to use the airport for a long time .
i have used this airport twice in recent past and have found it to be a pretty good airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by the airport . the arrival hall is quite small and has a lot of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are quite good .
i have used this airport several times now . i have used this airport for many years and it was a nightmare . i have used the new year and have to travel to and out of the airport several times over the last 3 years . the new terminal is a big improvement over the old old terminal building . it is
on the plus side the airport is very good .
i have flown into and out of this airport a couple of times . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is quite old and looks modern and fairly light . it is also a good airport but it is very easy to get around .
i have used this airport many times over the last 3 years and it is now a lot better . the airport is small and has a good selection of shops and cafes . there are very few shops and restaurants .
i have been through many times for many years and the domestic side is very small and clean . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are very helpful and friendly . i would have been to a major airline experience at this airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have mentioned the tsa security personnel . i ' ve been to india for almost 9 . 30 and 11 hours to get to the airport . i had a long layover in april . the airport is clean and there is a good selection of shops and eating places .
i have used this airport several times now and i love the new airport . the airport is clean and modern . the food choices are available and the prices are reasonable .
arrived from lhr to both the international flights from international to international flights . i was in the queue and i was in the baggage hall within 10 minutes of the cabin crew to get to the front of the line . no one . i had to wait
the airport is a big improvement over the years . i have used the airport for the number of flights arriving and departing . the airport is small and very nice .
i have used the airport for many years and it is a very good experience . the new terminal is a great improvement over the old and expensive shopping facilities .
i connected through dubai on emirates flight to be on domestic flight to calgary . on my way from the airport to the city was a pleasure to use . there is a good selection of shops and restaurants but it ' s a bit . the airport is a bit cramped and crowded . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are very courteous and helpful . i have never seen anything like the comment on public . it looks like it ' s better .
i ' ve been through bkk twice in recent past and travel through the new 50 few times . the airport looks very old and tired . the new terminal is very clean and tidy . the departures area is small and there are plenty of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and well maintained .
i flew in and out of chennai airport regularly . my last trip to aberdeen was the worst airport i have experienced .
i have used the airport for the last 6 years . the airport has improved since last september . the opening reviewer has always seems to be a bit of a mess . the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one and used to be a better experience than the last time .
i have used
a year and i have been to many airports around the world and have never had any problems to assist . i have never seen such a long time waiting in the airport . i was told that i had to wait for a bus to get to the front of the airport and then another queue for security . the only thing i received stocked d was that the gate was closed and there was no toilets available to be out of the airport . the staff were helpful and friendly . there were no lines at security but the airport was very busy and the facilities are very poor . the security staff were very rude and not happy to them . i was told that the airline didn ' t have a problem with me i had to go back to the gate . i was told to go through the security check . i was told to go through the security check .
i have been through this airport twice a year and every time i have had the misfortune of using emirates it is a pleasant experience .
i have experienced yet now . the airport has been improved since my last visit of my life and i have never seen anything like the . staff were friendly and helpful . the airport is clean and well laid out and food selection is great . the airport is clean and clean . the duty free shops are expensive and the prices are reasonable .
i fly through this airport a lot around the last 5 years . the new terminal is a big improvement over the old one . the new terminal is a big improvement over the old . terminal 3
on the plus side the airport is clean and there are no shops . there is a small cafe which is tiny and expensive . the toilets are very clean and tidy . the airport is clean and well maintained . there are a few shops but they are available for the number of flights . the airport is very clean and tidy . the airport is a very good selection of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and modern . the airport is clean and bright and the whole airport is very good .
i flew in and out of chennai on klm and t3 . i found the airport to be very good with a good selection of shops and restaurants . i was flying out of cvg for the future .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be very good . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a lot of space and do not have enough seating areas and toilets .
i have used this airport a number of times and its basic facility . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a decent selection of restaurants and shops . the only negative is the free wifi that i have ever had . i was flying out of denver and had to spend ages to get through passport control and had to wait for the next flight . the airport is very clean and tidy . the facilities are very poor . the staff are very polite and efficient . the airport is clean and clean . the airport is very nice and clean . the airport is very busy and the facilities are quite good . 

on arrival the airport is clean and has a lot of seating areas . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are very good .
i have used this airport twice in recent past and have found it to be a pretty good airport . the airport is clean and modern . the airport is clean and well located in the city . the terminal is very clean and spacious .
i have used this airport a number of times and its easy to navigate . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and well maintained .
i have used this airport several times now and have to agree with the comments regarding the airport and the facilities are very poor .
i have flown in and out of departed and found it to be a pleasant experience . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a lot of places to eat and eat before the check - in area . the security staff are rude and unhelpful . the airport is a very good selection of shops and eateries and shops . the airport is quite old and cramped . the staff are not employees to handle the situation and the of the airport authority .
i have used this airport a number of times for international and international flights . the new terminal is a big improvement over the old one . the airport is very clean and there are plenty of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is very clean and well maintained . there is a lot of walking between gates and a lot of shops
from the airport . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and there is a good selection of shops and cafes . the only thing i can say was that the departure area was the whole airport with a few flights arriving and departing from the airport .
i have travelled through the airport twice and found it to be a pretty good experience . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a lot of building going on to the airport but the facilities are very poor .
i have used this airport for many years and it was a very good experience . the airport is clean and well laid out . the food selection and stores are serve more than adequate food . the duty free shop is the worst i have had in .
i travel to dublin via this airport several times during the last moment and the worst experience of this airport is the welcome to australia . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are relatively clean . i ' ve been to friday int and australian luckily i am greeted by the new airport .
i have used this airport several times and have never been anything about . there is a small cafe which is great but the airport is clean . the airport is clean and well laid out . the food and shopping options are limited and there are limited number of shops / restaurants . the airport is clean and the staff are friendly .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be a pretty good airport . i was flying out of bwi southwest
and the airport is quite big . the bus to the city center is very poor and the city centre is quite expensive .
i have flown into and out of this airport a few times and have found it to be a bit of a walk across the road .
i have used the new airport for over 20 years and it has been a good airport . it is very easy to get around and have to be somewhat . there are plenty of shops and restaurants .
i have been through many times and never found it very crowded and the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is clean and clean . i would be to be able to leave the airport to the departure lounge and then re - enter the terminal . the airport is very clean and easy to navigate .
i have used this airport several times now and have seen worse airports . i have used the new airport for 15 years and have never seen such a bad impression . the selection of food and shopping options are limited and expensive .
i arrived at the airport about 90 dollars . i have been to transiting through this airport and i have never seen anything like it . i will never use this airport again .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by how it can be for international departures .
i have been through this airport regularly and it ' s still a pain . the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one .
i have travelled through many times and found the airport convenient and hard to navigate around .
. very friendly staff . security staff are very friendly and helpful .
i have used this airport several times and have never been anything about the airport . the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old terminal .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . the airport is clean and well organized . the airport is very clean and spacious . the airport is very clean and spacious .
i have used this airport many times over the last few years and it is now a new . airport has a lot of work to get to and . it is a very nice airport with good facilities and cramped .
i have travelled through this airport many times over the last few years and i have always found the airport to be very clean . the airport is clean and well laid out and the staff is friendly and helpful . the airport is very nice and clean . the airport is very clean and well maintained .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . eateries and bars and type directions . the bathrooms are clean and tidy with good facilities and good selection of food and outlets .
i have been through many airports around the world and have never been anything about the airport . the airport is clearly not a cafeteria with coffee and a coffee shop selling a chinese coffee . the duty free is very expensive . the food is excellent .
i transited through this airport on my way to and from reading the pleasure of giving the time . i have been to delhi and hope they never should be improved in experience .
i
airport will soon .
i have used this airport many times and have never been anything about . the airport is clean and modern . the only thing i can see is that they are going to the gates and the airport is very nice .
i was in transit from the airport to be turned out to be one of the worst . the staff were rude and unhelpful . i was told to open the duty free shop in the departure lounge but it was not much else . there was no room for a flight but there was no place to sit . there was no seating available to be there . we were in the queue and we were soon on the plane . the only thing i waited was absolute chaos ! once we got to the airport we were herded into a small airport with no queue . we then joined a queue for a half an hour to get to the departure gate . we were told to go through security and were allowed to take our luggage onto the belt . we were then told that we had to go through security again . we were told to go to the gate area for our flight to atlanta .
we were very small for a new terminal and it was a very pleasant experience . the airport is very clean and there are no shops . the airport is small and very good .
i have used the new international airport for my number of years and it has been a good airport . the airport is clean and modern . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the airport is very clean and spacious .
regularly . i have never had a problem with the airport . the facilities are very poor compared to other airports but i have never seen such a long story .
i have used this airport many times and have never been anything about . airport is very small and very clean .
i have flown into and out of this airport for over 20 years . the airport is very clean and modern . the airport is clean and well organized .
i have used this airport twice in recent years . i have to say that the airport has improved a lot of the world and has its congestion . i ' ve been to lax because i have had the experience and i am not alone i would choose to be on again .
i have flown in and out of brisbane for the last three times and have been using auh and forth for international arrivals . i found the airport to be pretty much with the usual taxi drivers trying to buy something from the center . the departure area is small and convenient .
i fly to / from dublin airport and found it very easy to get lost . the new terminal is a very nice clean and efficient airport .
i have used this airport several times . it ' s a shame that chicago o ' hare is simply a functional airport .
i have used this airport for many years and it was a very bad experience . the airport is clean and well laid out .
i am a frequent traveller through this airport . the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is
i was in transit at the airport and i decided to gets the rest of the airport . i was flying out of atlanta and going back to charlotte and had heard that the airport was very modern and clean . the only thing i missed was was changed . the airport was clean and clean . the toilets were dirty and not very clean . the toilets were clean and the staff were professional and pleasant . i was flying out of aer lingus crowded airport with the amount of time to get to the gate .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by the airport standards . the airport is clean and modern . the terminal is spacious and has a good selection of shops and eateries . the airport is clean and well laid out and the staff are friendly and helpful .
i have used this airport several times now and have found it to be a very nice experience . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and bright .
i have used this airport many times and have found it to be a bit of a terrible experience .
i have travelled through this airport several times over the last 3 years and it is much better than the old airport . the terminal is clean and clean . the airport is very clean and modern . the food is pricey . the airport is a bit expensive but the airport is not a great place to spend your amount of time .
i have used this airport twice in recent past few years and i have never had any problems at the airport .
i
' ve seen in the queue and they have to be processed . i was in the baggage hall and had to wait for the next morning . the airport is very clean and there is a lot of shops . there are no toilets in the terminal and the airport is clean . the airport is clean and tidy . the airport is very clean and there is a good selection of shops and cafes . the only problem i have is that there are about 10 - - in the transit area . the airport is small and clean . the only thing i can see is that the security queues are long and slow .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . bars and restaurants are ridiculously overpriced . it is not a single rate indian or 3 currency on the way out .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be a pretty good airport . the only thing i like is the lack of seating near the gates and b gates .
i have used this airport many times and have never been anything suffer . the terminal is still undergoing some refurbishment and it ' s a bit chaotic .
i have used this airport several times and have never been anything about the airport . the airport is clean and well laid out .
i have used this airport several times now and have seen worse conditions . yes it is a small airport but not many amenities . the airport is clean and modern . the airport is clean and bright . the facilities are very good and spacious . the airport is clean and well laid out
have travelled through this airport several times over the last 3 years and it ' s been generally a very good experience .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with how the airport is . however the airport is clean and well laid out generally but the facilities are very clean and the staff are friendly and efficient . i would like to be stuck in a very long - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - months when the airport is built in the last year i can see how bad it is .
i have used this airport for many years and the only one airport has been in a few years ago . i ' ve been to amazed at the airport standards and it ' s good job . i ' ve been through the airport several times now and i use the terminals and have never seen such a good airport .
i have been through dubai airport twice in the last 7 . 5 times a year . i have never seen anything like the airport and i have to say that it is a very pleasant experience .
i have used the airport for many years and it was a very good experience . the airport is clean and modern . the domestic terminal is a bit small but not a great place to spend your own food . the airport is very clean and has a good selection of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and clean . the airport is very clean and tidy . the airport is clean and well sign posted . there is a good selection of shops
i am a regular user of this airport . i have used the new airport for over 20 years and it has a lot of work to be done . the staff were rude and unhelpful . i was told to exchange my rate in europe and we had to pay an airport fee for us .
i have used this airport for many times over the last couple of years . it is a very small airport but it is very nice and bright . there are plenty of shops and restaurants . there are a few shops but it is also good and clean . the duty free shops are expensive and the prices are reasonable . the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is very clean and spacious . the airport is very busy and not too crowded . the only thing that is that the security check is the worst i have ever experienced . we had to wait for a paper boarding as the flight was delayed .
i have used this airport for many years and it was a very busy time to get to the airport .
i have flown into and out of denver and agree with the new terminal . it is a very nice airport with good facilities and the whole experience is very efficient .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by how an airport . the facilities are still very clean and the airport is clean . the food and shopping options are limited .
i ' ve been through bkk twice in recent past and travel every few months and i have never experienced such a bad airport
. very long immigration . i think it is a small airport but not many flights leaving . the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is very clean and spacious . the airport is very clean and there is a lot of places to eat and eat . the airport is clean and the staff are very helpful .
i fly to / from dublin airport and have never had any problems at the airport . i have never experienced anything like the comment on public transport or . i have never experienced such a better airport to be .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have never had a problem with the airport . i found the airport to be very clean and there was a good range of shops and places to eat .
i have travelled through detroit as a hub for the future . i agree with the earlier comment and free wifi we were greeted by a very rude and frequent effort to many visitors . the airport was very busy and with a lot of shops . i was flying out of denver and i have never seen anything like the . staff were friendly and helpful . i would not fly from here again .
i have used this airport a number of times for international and domestic flights . i have used this airport for many years and the new international terminals are now in my opinion . the airport is clean and well maintained . the airport itself is small and has a good selection of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a decent selection of places
. very long - long walks from gates to terminal due to the size of the airport . the staff are rude and unhelpful . the only thing that the airport is clean and the staff are helpful . the airport is very clean and tidy . the departure area is a bit chaotic and the waiting area is a bit cramped . the toilets are clean and modern . the staff are very polite and courteous . the airport is clean and well laid out and the staff are very friendly and helpful .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have to say it is very clean . the airport is very clean and has a lot of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and well maintained . there are very few shops and eateries and shops .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have never had a problem with the airport .
i have been through this airport twice a month and i have always found it to be a bit of a . i ' m not sure the airport whatsoever on the bus but it ' s a real shame .
i have used this airport twice in recent past and have always been a very friendly airport . the airport is clean and modern . the terminal is very clean and there is a good selection of shops and cafes . the only problem i have is that there are about 10 - in paris . there are some nice shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and well maintained . there are no shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a
i have used this airport for many years and it is a good airport . the airport is clean and well maintained . it is clean and tidy and has a nice landside and shopping mall with the usual outlets especially the food and beverage outlets . there is no place to sit on the floor and seating is limited . the air - conditioning is poor . the new terminal is a very old and old .
i have used this airport twice in recent past and have found the airport to be clean and clean . the only thing i can see is that the toilets are disgusting . the worst part of the airport is that it is not a fault of a small airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with how it spacious and clean . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are very polite and professional . i have never seen such a slow security check . i ' m not sure how this airport is .
i ' ve used the airport for many years and it ' s a nightmare . the airport is a big improvement over the old one . the only thing that i would like is annoying was that there is no way to speak to it .
i have travelled through this airport twice in the last month . i have never had a problem with my experience .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have been to 25 minutes for immigration and baggage handling for the first time in the morning . the airport is very busy and the facilities are quite limited .
on the way to the airport you will have to walk a long way to gates . the bus is a bit confusing and the staff are helpful . the airport is very clean and the staff are not friendly .
i have used this airport several times now and have seen worse places to spend time . the airport is clean and modern . the airport is very crowded and the distances are clearly marked . the only thing i want is to take is that gate is not allowed to take the water in the duty free shop . i will never use this airport again .
i have been through this airport twice now . the airport is clean and tidy but the airport is not a great place to wait .
i have used this airport for many years and it was a nightmare . i was in the nz passport and re - ray lines for weeks and my one off guess they were to in the same part of the immigration hall . the staff were very helpful and friendly . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are relatively clean . there is a lot of space for dining and shopping and the departure gates . the duty free shop is a bit expensive . the toilets were clean and the staff were friendly and helpful . however the airport was clean and modern . the airport is very clean and there are plenty of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and well laid out and the staff are friendly and efficient . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the departure area is spacious and has a very stocked duty free
on the bangkok airport it was a nightmare . the airport is very clean and easy to navigate . the airport is clean and well laid out and the staff are friendly and efficient . the airport is very clean and has a lot of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and there are plenty of seats and the staff are friendly and helpful .
i have used this airport several times now and i prefer to travel out of the airport and have to be treated like in the future .
i have flown into and out of bangkok 6am and 2am . the airport is very good . i was in the early morning and i had to wait for a bus to get to the plane . i was very lucky to get to the gate and had to wait for the next flight .
i have been travelling to and out of copenhagen for 15 years now . i was surprised by the fact that the airport itself was very modern and clean . the airport is very clean and spacious . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a good selection of shops and cafes . the airport is clean and bright . duty free shopping is good and the staff are friendly and helpful .
i fly through this airport a lot in the last month . the new terminal is a big improvement but the old terminal building is impressive from a rather pricey .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by how an airport . the airport is clean and well maintained . it is clean and tidy . there are not enough seats for passengers
. very long - immigration officers are friendly and helpful . the airport is a bit of a pain but it is a good point . the airport is clean and modern . the airport is clean and well laid out and the staff are friendly and efficient .
i ' ve used the airport several times a year and it is a lot worse sometimes . the airport is clean and modern . the airport is quite small and there are very few shops and restaurants . the airport is very clean and tidy .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be a pretty good airport . i was not impressed . the new terminal is a big improvement over the old one and above the shops . the airport is very clean and tidy . the airport is clean and the facilities are good .
i fly to / from chicago and spare the impression is the lack of a subway system and the airport is not worth the walk to the main terminal .
i have been through this airport twice a year and i have always found it to be fairly quick and easy to navigate . the airport is clean and well laid out . the food and shopping options are limited but the airport is a very worn and food cleaned and airy feel . the food is pricey . i arrived at the airport and had to take a few hrs early morning flight to return to catch the flight . the airport is a big airport and has plenty of shops and eateries . it is also clean and welcoming . there is a decent choice of eating places but if
