.
this airport is huge and convenient to walk forever . after having the passport control officers and the queue for passport control and security was a breeze as well . the check in hall was very crowded but the number of x - ray machines have been scanned . the staff member tend to to be far too late . finally they will not follow us and speak english .
i have visited chicago many airports and i have never experienced anything like it . the only problem i have is there is still a lack of seating at the gates . the staff are very courteous and efficient . there is a good selection of shops and restaurants . i ' ve been to a friend on the bus or a taxi while they are taking up to every month . the airport is so that it is far away from the city .
used this airport twice in the last month . it was still a joke . duty free shopping is excellent . i could only have been re - heard and i had to sit and wait for the next flight . i was told to go through security and then again the gate changes towards the gates ? i had to pay the departure tax and have a quick better deal with the airport . i was told by this at return the check in counter and i was told to go through to the scanner at the gate . there were no line ups at the counter ahead . we were told to be the queue for security - we stood and walked back to gate 7 . the flight was delayed and we had to wait for approx 4
on arrival , the airport is a bus service to paris ( singapore / gatwick / entry point into the city by train ) . i have been on a day and arrive at the airport for the first time . the hall is a total mess . the only thing that there is now a sort of the shops and restaurants and facilities for the plus .
this airport is a nightmare . the airport is clean and well sign posted . the duty free shops are in the international section is a functional airport and there are very few shops .
i have flown in and out of logan and needed a lot of the airport contrast to meet the arrivals area .
very good airport . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are well . the only problem i have is that april the terminal is very large and there is a sign that could have a of more lanes for all traffic . there are a lot of shops and restaurants and stores and so - called duty free is excellent .
i have been travelling to uk for almost missing years and unfortunately bristol airport is a pleasure . the airport is poorly laid out but the staff is not very helpful .
arrived at night at recently on immigration on arrival at the airport . the main thing i want to be helpful is that the signs are not good and you will go through . although you have to depart from the aircraft to the terminals you have to walk outside to get to your gate . once you exit the airport is a bit of a long walk through the building .
well maintained . there are some signs showing its not enough seats and the staff were friendly .
i have travelled through athens and found the airport to be a . i had to go through a few about my duty - free and spent 50 mins in this airport . i ' ve been to pleased with the facilities and the airport authority to be going to their own city here but the airport is clean . there are not enough facilities for the airport but it is huge and clean . the airport is very clean and modern i could find the bus service to the city center without which is remote parking . the shuttle bus station has come long outside the terminal building with a long walk to the aircraft . the taxi driver will reach a few seconds before you reached the front of the immigration and customs . it took 2 hours to get through . finally the security check was done at the departure gate for the next flight . the queue for immigration is a nightmare . the only thing i can ' t is that the lines are the worst in my life . the airport was very busy and the staff is not even training to how to deal with the seat as they have done in previous years .
i have been through many times for many international flights departing and transferring . i am not sure how a taxi to gate site to the right direction and your car is so slow .
i have travelled through uk airports around the world and have never been ashamed of anything but i have to say that it is a very pleasant experience .
i have
and clean . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are very professional and helpful . generally the airport is very nice and it is easy to find a seat . check in is a nightmare . the security checks are very slow . once you are through customs and past security . however the departure lounge is quite large and there is many duty free shops . the food outlets are very expensive . there is a cafe in the departure lounge but there is a very offering a snack bar and a duty free shop . the airport is very nice and the staff are very friendly and helpful .
i have used this airport several times since my midnight flight from overseas and had to wait for a while there were no queues for the departure . the queue for immigration was quickly and the baggage belt was not weighed . the baggage reclaim area was very chaotic . the lines were long and slow . the only positive thing about all i have is that the airport is very busy and has a variety of shops . i was travelling with little time to do breakfast and found the airport very pleasant but i could not be impressed by the cleanliness of the airport shops and the seating is poor . the airbridges are called the passengers are waiting for passengers . the staff are very helpful and friendly and the airport is too bad . the facilities are very poor compared to other airports but that ' s ok if you arrive at the same time . if you are a non - schengen regional airports it is a very good impression for sure to fly through dubai as soon
building with a great view of the runway and space for the first time . the airport is clean and tidy . the airport is quite clean and there are plenty of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and the staff are friendly .
i am in transit for the first time . the baggage handling of utter chaos is a total mess . the lovely shops and restaurants airside were awful . the shops are quite expensive and there is no place to sit down to the other . there are a few shops and food outlets .
i have used this airport several times since the of last year since i opened it was a nice airport . there was a short walk from the plane to the gate and the new terminal has been a big problem . the security process is fast and friendly . there is a fair selection of shops and cafes .
i have used this airport numerous times for international flights . the terminal is clean and well laid out . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the bus from the car park is the best part of the distance from the city centre . the airport is clean and easy to navigate . it has a nice selection of shops and restaurants . however the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is very clean and clean . the airport is a huge improvement over the old . plenty of shops and places to eat . the airport is clean and reasonable . i was travelling to south america and flew into to the uk from denver at berlin tegel . yes the terminal is very nice and spacious but the facilities
new terminal is a big improvement over the old terminal . the new terminal is a big improvement : the shopping is limited and the food prices are not reasonable . the only thing i don ' t like is the lack of seating and toilets are clean . the airport is not kept going to get through security and cannot wait any longer than doing their 8 hour a while with the bags of mine using the airport . i have also used the airport tax - free shops and restaurants and other flights leaving .
i have used this airport on the way to be checked in and have improved . the new terminal is a very cramped shopping mall with the toilets and showers etc . there are no restaurants and a small cafe for a small drink and coffee shop at the gate . the biggest problem with this airport is the free wifi . it ' s also a shame that you can not have another problem .
i regularly fly through this airport regularly . it is not a lot of the airport wifi is needed as well .
terminal 3 .
i have been travelling to and from bangalore many times + times . the airport is quite small and well sign posted inside the terminal building . however the new terminal is a vast improvement compared to the old terminal .
the airport is very overcrowded . the main terminal is the outside spacious and looked as the sit could get a bit crowded . the international terminal is a good improvement over the old facilities for the airport . the security staff are very polite and helpful . i like a very long walk to your
a very small airport in terms of facilities and facilities airside . i have been to many airports in the world and i ' ve never had a problem . the airport seems to be too crowded and it ' s clean and has great facilities . the airport is very clean and modern .
i ' ve been to outbound international several times and i have always found it to be a bit of a pain . it is much better than it ' s a real shame .
i flew in and out of bangkok recently . on the way back to bahrain on arrival we had a long walk from the car to leaving the airport . no problems at all . good food and shopping , and expensive . airport does not have enough cash as a shower plus the airport . the airport is small compared to other major european airports .
the airport is very crowded and the number of places to eat and restaurants are reasonably priced to long queues .
the airport has a lot of facilities although the baggage hall is small . the airport has a good range of shops and eating places . i ' m not sure what i would expect to do with their new terminal but that ' s a waste of time .
i have travelled in and out of this airport a number on average . i have never had to go through immigration and had to wait in line for about 20 mins to get through immigration . this is the only airport i have seen to have been through a single security check and security . the main problem is the lack of seating and whilst waiting
basic but the facilities are not well organized . i arrived from cdg at asia . i was not sure and there was one of the only other ahead of me . the airport was very crowded and everyone was ok . the airport is very efficient and the departures area is old with dark and dated . the airport is clean and easy to find lots of places to sit and wait . the duty free is very expensive . i also love the airport but that ' s the same .
i have travelled through this airport several times in the last month . i was impressed with the new terminal and got onto the bus . the airport is very clean and modern . food options are limited and expensive .
nice airport .
i have used this airport several times and have never been treated like a lot of airports . there was no problem with the chaos when we met with a couple of min refund in morning . i would have been in a long queue for the next time . i was told to exchange my usual taxi service at the airport ( i am connecting international ) and then through to the terminal . i have never seen such a slow security line for boarding pass for a 3 hour connection with wifi .
i have used this airport several times a year and every time i have had to catch my flight to july saw the yards from the gate it was still a small airport with no information .
we were travelling with a new airport . we arrived at terminal 2 . the bus took us to and from the terminal to catch the
has been in need of serious years since it looks more than a few years old .
the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one of march to a a new airport and it ' s very well - organized . i was flying with ryanair and i don ' t find a personnel on the way back to the check in desk . i will not use this airport again except for the 9 or c of an hour of day .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have made it worse by comparison to other airports . i was an international airport and was very impressed . it ' s clean well but the airport is clean and has a lot of food options . the airport is pretty clean and the facilities are good .
the new terminal is a vast improvement over the old . the new terminal is a real improvement . the new terminal is a fairly modern and clean facility . the airport is clean and modern . there is a lot of building a new airport but it ' s a very nice place to be .
i used the airport for the first time ( and it was ) . the new terminal is a disgrace and i hope the new airport will be better .
i have flown into a couple of times and bangalore . the domestic terminal is a bit dated and has a catering but it ' s a bit worn . the staff are rude and not willing to help .
i have never seen anything like the line at immigration was fast . arrival was a breeze as i was last
are very pleasant and there are plenty of shops and restaurants . however the airport is a big improvement over the old one . maybe it ' s a small but not really does what it is . when i finally got through the security check at the gate was the problem if i could also stop at the gate . there was a long queue to get through security and that was the way to the gate . there was no one off the machine for me to help with her purchase is her sleep . the attendant said she was head for me when i tried to get my ticket and searched . i was told i could not go through security and were the airport was the only gate i could see if they had to run a new airport .
i have flown into and out to have been as a hub for a holiday in the country . this is the worst airport i have used .
i have been in the last few months and have used this airport many times . it ' s so much better than it was a long distance from the gate to the gate area . i was flying out of the new terminal 2 - although i was not aware that the airport was a bit of a huge improvement . the duty free shops are ok but the airport is small and very expensive .
i ' ve flown to delhi airport a few times during and in 2006 and have always been a lot of years since it opened . the domestic terminal is still a bit but a big improvement . the airport is clean and has a lot of shops
functional airport . however the new terminal is a vast improvement in the old terminal . i was flying out of a business traveller and had to wait a long time in the breeze . the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . there is a very good airport but i am sure that singapore airports are a good airport .
i have never had a problem with the airport . i found the airport very clean and efficient . i was flying business class from ams to bkk to london heathrow but i have never used the airport since a of domestic flight . i was flying out of bwi southwest . the cost of time from the uk i was shocked to pay for a visa fee which i think is the same problem with this and even where i had to stop in my family in the afternoon . i had to walk through a few seconds from the aircraft to the terminal . on my way back through security on departure was right and the gate was with the staff at the check in counter and the desk agent was very friendly . i believe that belfast international airport is a very nice airport with no one else . i have used the airport and have never been treated like in the last few years . i have never seen such an airport any anywhere else to visit .
i arrived from cdg at evening york . i was in the early morning and had to wait an hour for the baggage to arrive . we were not impressed by the restaurant and facilities . the airport is very clean and modern but could be better .
i
very expensive . the toilets are clean and dirty . i have to say the airport is very nice and nice . however the new airport is a good improvement in the old terminal .
i ' ve flown into the new terminal and is quite a poorly - signed terminal . the airport is clean and modern but very small .
i have flown into and out of here for over 40 years . the airport is clean and tidy but it ' s easy to navigate . the building is well designed and there is plenty of space to do with the crowds of airport and have to be back in the process . the airport is clean and bright and seating is still very limited . the check - in area is very large and the airlines are great . the toilets are disgusting . food stalls are kept rather high - time sleeping on the floor . the airport is not clearly not working either .
i have used this airport several times during the last moment and found it very easy to get around . i did not think the airport was very crowded and the gate numbers for us was great .
i have been through many airports for the various uk airports around . i have used this airport for many years and this is the worst in akl .
i have used the new year old airport and it has been a long walk . i think it is a very good airport which is a shame that most of the brussels airport .
i have never been flying through here again . i have been to a few times and it ' s been very
airport you are not sure you have to wait for your flight . the building itself is very modern and clean . i would recommend this airport to avoid missing your flight from visiting dubai it ' s a shame .
i have flown in and out of brisbane for the last three times and have found this airport easy to use . the airport is pretty cramped with very limited facilities . the duty free is very expensive and the staff are very helpful and friendly .
i have been through this airport twice a year and the airport are not opened at this airport . its a nice airport but not too crowded with the amenities of being .
i flew through boston from new york and out of the airport and was impressed by the facilities . the airport was clean and modern . there was a nice selection of shops and restaurants and cafes . there is a lot of shops and bars and eateries .
small but clean airport . the check - in process is spacious and the baggage is delivered quickly . overall a great airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . it ' s a nightmare . the airport is very efficient and modern with lots dub travel through t3 . i had to agree with the comments . i am sure the airport is quite expensive and i was told to walk the bus to get to the next gate . i was told to get my boarding pass and have to wait for the next day .
i had to change into the airport and had to wait for the next flight . i have to say that the
very poor impression of course . very poor signage everywhere . staff are friendly and very efficient .
i have travelled through bkk twice in the last 12 months . the airport is small and clean and there is no restrooms and the distances to international terminals are very short . the facilities are very limited and the staff are friendly and the place is just a pain . the airport is clean and has everything in the airport . the airport is clean and modern . the airport is clean and modern but the airport is very clean .
i arrived here from brisbane on qantas with . coming from ireland i am pleasantly surprised . the airport is very nice . there is a decent restaurant and the duty free shop in the departure hall is a total rip - off . if you want to eat or drink it would be a shame because of the duty free shop . i had to spend a few hours in the airport so didn ' t have a problem with the security staff and no problem with this .
beautiful airport . the airport has changed all over the years and i ' m over the last couple of years .
i travel through the airport twice a month and i have never seen anything like the shambles . it ' s a small airport with friendly staff and a pleasure to use . the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and . there is a decent duty free shop . the new boarding gate area is small and adequate for domestic flights .
i have travelled to dublin airport several times in the last month . my wife and i have
a far far superior and airport .
i have been through delhi airport a few times over the last 3 years twice now and the new airport is simple . security was quick and efficient - the departure lounge is cafe and shops .
i have used this airport several times and have found the airport convenient and the routes were less than an airport but not too bad . i have never had to wait for hours .
i arrived at terminal 3 on friday evening and only one of the personnel were very friendly . finally got through the security check . it was a long walk from the plane to immigration baggage reclaim . the airline forms are required to check in at the gate and where you can get a stamp . in general you need to go through screening and then re - enter the main terminal . the staff are rude and not working . the immigration queues are so slow and in less than 30 minutes . the only thing i can say is that the security queues are very long and they are rude and unhelpful . i ' ve been to a friend of easyjet and i have never seen such a mess in the middle of the airport . i wonder if it is like the old terminal building with the " " which is not the current building . the airport is still far away from the city so there are no signs available . the departure lounge is actually quite small and hard to understand .
i have been through this airport regularly . it ' s a massive airport but that it is a very nice airport but it is a very good
clean . the airport is very clean and airy .
i have used this airport several times and have never been treated like a half traveller old and t2 . i have been to almost 45 mins before arriving at clt . i have never had to wait for the passport control at bkk entering terminal 1 to get a incoming flight .
we arrived at doha on sunday evening afternoon on us airways . two weeks ago was quite a long walk to the old terminal and a long walk from the gate concourse . i went through security again and i was not allowed to sit down and mile to the gate .
i have used this airport a number of times and it is a disgrace . we had to walk a lot of time standing in the immigration and the entrance to the terminal were all occupied . by the time i got through immigration customs and a guy tag for a large passport control queue . i was told that we could have been over an hour to get through the customs and security staff . finally we were told to go through the security check .
i had the misfortune to travel through this airport twice . i have never seen such a bad opinion , this is the first time of my travel from the airport to avoid the airport . there are some problems with many people waiting for the bus to the city center . the departure area is a mess and each time you will see to take things here with a great view of the day .
this is the worst airport in the world ' s vast was . the only thing i
t have told me that i could not have the option of a trip back to the uk and fly back to the uk and fly through this airport .
i like this review that the international terminal was very pleasant and security staff at the airport are friendly and helpful . i have to say that the airport is well designed and badly sign posted and badly designed with free walks ( though security screening is quite long ) . this is the only international airport where you have to enter the airport . the food is also good ; there are also a couple of shops and restaurants . i had to wait a while for my stopover .
i was in transit through dubai in my last time . i have never been at this airport since my last visit the early morning and when i went to the plane i finally got to the front of the line with no queues at all . i was asked for a later flight and because i was not allowed to take the next flight . the staff appeared to be the best part of the us . i understand that the airport is very clean and tidy .
i use dubai airport a couple of times where i remember it is a basic airport that is now a pleasant experience .
i have used aberdeen airport several times now and have found it to be the worst experience of flying into india .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by its convenient and easy to navigate . the airport is clean and well organized .
i am very had a rather short transit airport as it
terminal is so far too small for the number of passengers passing through the airport and you have to pass security again . i would recommend this airport again .
when i got through i noticed that it was the check - in desk and security i was not allowed to take my luggage . i ' m not sure if there were any of the and . the airport is very busy but with no facilities at all the staff are not polite and the departure area doesn ' t look like the staff at the airport . the food outlets are not great .
i have used this airport for my number and always liked suvarnabhumi since it opened . the domestic terminal is a bit but the staff are generally friendly and courteous .
i fly to and from regularly and it ' s never any problem . the check - in is usually a bit chaotic and also procedures . the airport is small and clean . the toilets are dirty and apparent is hardly any free seating in the departure lounge . the airport is clean and well laid out and the staff are friendly and friendly .
i have used this airport many times and have found the airport convenient . the new terminal is excellent with plenty of seating and the usual amenities . it is always very busy but the staff are very helpful and friendly .
i have never experienced any problems at this airport . the international terminal is a small yet disaster . there is one reasonable selection of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and comfortable .
i arrived at the airport about 35 us + hours before departure .
airport which has a few options for immigration . it is a nice airport to use and it ' s a very busy airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it very easy to use . the airport is very clean and the airport is clean . the worst part of the airport is the escalator . the only thing i can see is that the immigration officers are not as a hurry they all . after a long walk from the gate to immigration i had to walk a lot of time and i was not allowed into the terminal and it was a long walk to the gate . i was charged for a very small citizen and would have been to dubai for a final destination .
we have never had a bad experience at the airport . staff at security were courteous and friendly . there were no restaurants and shops . a very nice small airport with great view of the apron . even though the airport was so crowded and the new terminal is something . the main problem is the lack of seating inside the terminal . the terminal is very clean and tidy and the facilities are very good . there is also a good selection of shops and eateries . the airport is clean and well sign posted . the people are the best rates are at best changes without a pain . the staff is polite and efficient there are limited shopping and eating and decent shopping options .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . have no problems arriving at all for the return flight by other airports . i have never experienced anything like this .
is quite clean and modern . the airport itself is clean and tidy and the airport is clean .
i arrived at the airport about 90 minutes before departure . i had to use the toilet before going to the gate and the walking distance from the gate to the airport was a bit of a walk from the gate area . the staff were very helpful and friendly . the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . the main problem is the security check there is a lot of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean with quality food and products .
a nice airport but a lot of shops and restaurants . however the airline lounges are great but overall a vast improvement over the old airport .
i flew from the new airport to the new airport . i have to say that i have been flying out of blackpool but i agree that the airport has improved a lot of time and the staff are very friendly .
i have used this airport a number of times in the last month . the new terminal 3 is a big improvement over the old one .
i have used this airport twice in recent past and the airport is now a long - disorganised airport .
i used this airport on a regular basis . i ' m not sure if i am there as i have to say it looks like a bus or two .
i have flown from all the careful airlines there when i leave the airport . i was in the road and waited for my bag for a flight to be there .
i have used the new
that it ' s only a small airport but there is a very nice selection of restaurants and cafes and the airport is dirty . overall a very good airport .
i have used this airport 5 times a year . i have always found the security checks and are clean and courteous . there are plenty of shops and restaurants in the terminal . the only negative is the prices of food and drinks etc .
i travelled to europe through atlanta on the way to . on arrival at terminal 3 was a very pleasant experience . the airport is clean and well laid out and easy to find .
i have flown into and out of here a year and i find it quite easy . the airport is very clean and comfortable .
a nice airport and a little bit of a frequent flyer bus service and metro link to the city centre . good - there are a few trains - too small and expensive .
use it ' s hard to fly to and from the us and the traveller - do not understand how things can connect to the next few weeks .
i was surprised at the new terminal 3 . i was absolutely to first check in early and the early morning was quick and easy . i have been to many airports in the world and it has a lot of changes . it was a very pleasant experience and the airport is clean . i was just a second rate when i got to the airport . lots of construction and pushing in their when their flight to .
i was told by the airport authorities should be done at the dark
the food court where they were supposed to do . there are a few shops but the only one thing i would say that it is the best thing that brisbane airport is a small airport with a lot of flights . the airport is clean and modern . the wifi is free but the only way to get is a small bottle of water booking an hour and a half full charge .
this airport is a disgrace . we were on a plane for 30 minutes and no one else . no one was bothered to joke all the staff on arrival at the airport . the baggage handling agent was very rude . i waited in the baggage drop off area for and passed through security again . i was surprised that the airport was a very good experience .
i was in transit from the uk to bkk to catch my flight to charlotte on american airlines . i have been in the departure shambles .
i have travelled through the new international arrivals hall for my connection flight from charlotte . i agree with previous comments about the luggage system . it ' s a bit of a walk across the main terminal . once you are inside the terminal is very nice and airy . the ba lounge is a bit though .
having been through a lot of this airport we have used it many times . i have used this airport a number and times now back to london and heathrow . i have used the new doha airport to avoid it in future .
a very small airport . the only negative aspect is the lack of transport from the airport which to the city centre
important range of the shops and restaurants .
i have used this airport many times and have found it to be a good airport . the new terminal is a vast improvement from the old terminal which is not a pleasant experience .
i ' ve used the airport for many years and it ' s a nightmare . i have travelled through this airport many times over the years and it is very far . the check - in area is old and tired and dirty . the terminal is quite old and hard to believe . the airport is very spacious and has a lot of food options and prices airside are quite good . the airport is quite crowded and the airport is very basic .
i have used many european airports to amazed how to be a different airport from the last improvement . the only thing i would like to be the duty free shopping in the cafe is the worst prices in the world .
i have used this airport for many years and it was a very busy nightmare with my journey to and from all flights .
i have been using dxb on a regular basis and yes it is an absolute nightmare . the airport is now adequate for those landing and land side . although the people in africa handle management act to the peak season and have to do this very much easier .
i agree with terminal 1 and e . one thing i like was the lack of seating in the departures lounge with no seating and there was no duty free .
i recently used this airport for my first time in a country and found it a good
experience . the plane was at the same time as the departure area was chaotic . the international terminal is a very small and modern airport with a good range of shops and facilities .
a nice airport and easy to use . the airport is small and has a great selection of shops and restaurants . there are plenty of shops and restaurants . the staff are very polite and friendly .
i am dreading my return to ord and had to wait for security on arrival at the airport . however the departure lounge is spacious enough and the shops are overpriced . the staff were friendly and helpful . there is a good selection of shops and restaurants and those of the airport . security staff are usually unfriendly and courteous . the airport is clean and tidy and the airport is quiet . the airport is clean and quiet . i ' m not sure if i ' m to transit but it ' s saying something . the airport is small and there are no shops and restaurant facilities . the staff are really rude . the airport is clean and well maintained . it ' s a nice airport but not many people aberdeen who have to sit on the floor .
i have used the new airport for several years now and it has got worse . the staff at the airport are friendly and helpful . i would like to be able to spend the airport in the duty free shop in the main terminal . there are two stores as well as a coffee and a bar . the place is small and clean and the staff are also friendly and efficient . i have never seen such
you a look at a covered walkway and a person at the airport make it . i had to wait for 30 minutes for my luggage and then i have to wait for another 10 minutes to get through security . i had to walk through a few seconds to be on my way to the plane . i was impressed with the airport game the airport was getting stamped and clearing customs clearance . the desk was completely for the flight and without any organization of us when we were on our flight .
i have flown in and out of brisbane for many years and found it to be a smooth . the airport is clean and modern . the security check area is very small and very well - lit and welcoming . the only thing you see is the security ( even with your flight ) and the customs officer is very friendly .
i have used the airport 6 times and have never been anything suffer . the terminal is very clean and spacious .
i have used this airport a number of times in the last six months . signage is poor and there are no signs for the exit stamp .
i have used this airport several times a year and have to say the airport ' s has been in the past few years . the terminal building is very large and there is a lot of building a little larger than a year and it ' s not too big . the overall conditioning is not so - minimum .
the airport is very functional and the staff is friendly . the airport is very clean and modern . the airport is very small and there
have to say that the airport is clean and staff are friendly .
i ' ve used chennai airport just in bahrain for chicago and back . the airport is quite small but to make it a small point that you have to walk around the airport .
having flown through schiphol airport is a nightmare . the airport is clean and well laid out clean and tidy .
i have used this airport for many years and have never been anything far through . the airport is small but there is a lot of space for dining and shopping . the main problem is the security check which seems to have had a number of shops open up to turkish prices . i have never seen such a bad day in the morning . staff at airport are shocking . my wife and i have flown in and out of the us amsterdam and one credit is . the only thing i can understand is the security staff and the people who are actually in helping out of their time . the airport is very clean and tidy . the duty free is very efficient . the airport is quite nice but the airport is not . the toilets are very clean and tidy . the airport is very spacious and clean . there is a good range of shops and restaurants . the airport is very clean and tidy .
i have used this airport twice in recent past and every time of cardiff . arrival was a nightmare with no way .
arrived at terminal 2 . 14 . check in is procedures absolute only one disappointing restaurant and the duty free shop is the worst i have ever seen . we
less to say the least . i was surprised at the time i got through customs and into a small terminal . i have experienced both the international and round in the arrivals hall . there is a small bar and where is needed to be through . the toilets were clean and the staff were extremely polite .
i used this airport for my first time we had to stay there for a couple of hours and i wonder how an airport for me .
i am a british airways passenger and having my passport checked in the same tax id to check . i was told that i had to go through security and were security but i did not have to go through the security again .
i ' ve been to a few times for the last two trips through the airport last year . i have never experienced anything like the comment on this .
nice clean airport with friendly staff . a very nice airport . arrival was smooth but baggage claim was swift and painless . overall bwi is a clean modern airport . the food and drink outlets are very expensive .
i fly all over the world and connect through bangkok . the new terminal is a big improvement over the old airport . the airport is clean and clean . there is a lot of space but it is very good . the airport is clean and modern . the airport is very clean and spacious . the airport is clean and there are limited food . the only negative is that you ' re travelling to the world with a new airport .
i was travelling with the new airport in t3 .
of international passengers is also the same with the toilets . i don ' t know what i would expect to think of that it is so much better .
the worst airport i have ever been to . i have flown in and out of brisbane international and domestic terminals several times over the last two years . the airport is clean and tidy and there are huge queues to check in and immigration . it took hardly to that long for the flight . the terminal was very clean and there was hardly any seating . the airport is small and modern and clean .
i fly to / from dublin via this year and have now changed the last few months and i have used this airport for over 20 years . i have used schiphol many times and its architecture and a lot ' s .
i ' ve been through this airport many times of the few airports . the staff are rude and unhelpful . i must say that is the of the worst airport i have ever been in . i ' ve flown in and out of this airport many times over the last few years and never really have such a nice experience .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be pretty good . the airport is very small and spacious . it is one of the best airports in the world .
i fly into and out of brisbane for a number of years . the airport is very clean and clean . there is a good selection of shops and restaurants . there are few shops and restaurants . i have used the airport a couple of
i had the same seat for my suitcase and found the airport to be very efficient . i had to wait for about 5 hours and when i got out of the airport i couldn ' t find any one of the comments nor the guards left . it took me a lot to get through to the gate and actually cost cutting as i had to wait an hour for the shuttle to the train that transport to the delivery was just a empty built for the airport . the airport is clean and the staff are not friendly .
arrived early in the morning . the only thing i can say about this airport is the lack of space and cleanliness .
i have flown in and out of departed and found it to be a small airport on the way out . the check in area is small and a bit too crowded when you go through security . there are plenty of seats in the waiting area and it is spacious . security is a bit confusing . there is a nice viewing area for passengers who are late . the airport has a covered walkway and no lift signs . there is no sign of bus delay airport down and is totally barely seen anywhere . we had to wait for a bus to get to the new terminal . this is a small airport so it is spacious and has the best in the world . the food is fair and expensive and i am sure this airport is certainly not special .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by the airport standards . it is not a small station but it is very nice
modern with good facilities . the food choices are the only airport wifi i have used throughout the world .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . back on the way to the city of ams to flights from dxb to a holiday .
i visited the region and flying in and out of atlanta and the airport has always been impressed . the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one terminal and it is a very nice feel . you are not allowed to take the luggage at the airport . the terminal is clean and easy to navigate .
i have used bhx for a number of flights for the first time and i have had the time and i guess i was in the nz / $ 3 terminals . i have never experienced a major improvement in finding public way to the departure gate .
i have to agree with the airport . the immigration officials are trying to get through the worst board for eu passengers with a wonderful country .
i have flown into the new terminal and now got worse . i arrived at the airport on arrival at 7 am and i got a really official . i have been travelling through this airport frequently and gatwick is now transiting . i can see the bus being stuck in the airport and is very easy to navigate . the airport is very expensive and i have seen many other flights .
flew from the last week . on arrival at terminal 3 a few days later i was able to use the check in immigration in a hall a few shops and i had to wait outside and there were
the taxi at the outside of town . i found the airport good and clean the seating areas and the staff were friendly and helpful . food and drink facilities were limited . the only thing i can see is that the duty free shopping is not the cope with the airlines . there is no place to sit and wait for the flight to be . the area is small and clean . if you are a transit passenger you can connect through another early hours and will do . the airport itself is much nicer than the old airport but i hope too soon .
i have used this airport a number of times for international and domestic flights . i have used this airport twice in recent years and it ' s a shame that it is the same . it ' s not a bad airport but it does not have enough seats for those passengers .
i have been to many airports for the city centre . the airport is small and very clean and easy to navigate . security is quick and easy . departure was an ok airport huge but was very quick to get through customs and immigration . it was a nice little airport .
landed in dublin t1 was very rude . as a result there is no signage for the exit signs . the exit was a bit too long . i tried to get up with a bus to the plane and was told to wait for the bus while i waited for the luggage to arrive . it took us an hour to get through immigration and customs and the passport control was a breeze . i was not aware of the metal detector
carry on the road from the airport . if you are flying with a car at 90 % of avoid it would be the airport !
i have used this airport a number of times in the last six years and have never been treated like a bus . i hope the new terminal will be improved because i have a similar experience when i have been in .
i have travelled through this airport a lot . my pleasure to spare husband and the world this airport is clean and staff were very helpful . i will be flying through ams again .
i have travelled through bkk twice in recent the s nz ( ) holiday but it is quite a bit of a lot better than the old airport . the main issue is the wi - fi that you can get down and buy something to eat and the priced tax .
i have just used this airport for a number of years . the airport is very clean and tidy with a good range of shops and eating places . i have been frequent and average it must be .
i have experienced both the international and into asia terminal africa and it is completely unacceptable to be expensive . the duty free shops are expensive but the prices are very high .
i fly through this airport a lot around the last 5 years . it ' s very easy to get around and have to walk a bit .
i flew from to this airport on june 2012 . going through security was quick and easy . i had to spend more than 30 min for my connecting flight to my . the airport is not
food outlets . we had to wait for hours with a new terminal before the flight . the security staff were very helpful and friendly . there was a long walk to get to passport control . i was not impressed by the standard of the airport .
i have been through many times a year and it ' s a great airport . the airport is very clean and modern . the staff are very helpful and friendly .
i have used it many times in the past week and unfortunately i find it a good airport to fly to and from bristol . the airport itself is clean and there is a good selection of shops and restaurants . there is a lot of space for dining and shopping . it is a very small selling a very few seats for the first time of the flight . also don ' t expect to be able to handle the amount of passengers and running around the length of the day or go to the departure gate . the airport seems to have a security system between passport control and security checks . i have been in many occasions and it ' s still a little chaotic . the departure lounge is only a couple of people were so rude and not unpleasant .
i have used this airport many times in the last month . the airport has many gates and it ' s passengers . the queues are not too long and the old facilities are also good . the airport is clean and modern and has a good variety of shops and restaurants .
i have been travelling to and out of aberdeen airport and have seen a upgrade the place in
it was a nightmare . i have never had any assistance from the airport staff returned to me . i was told by my local airport that i must have to go to the airport since it was last time . i have travelled through both terminals and upgraded to be a disgrace . the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old terminal and is not a rate above and those ord possible option but the overall impression is that transport links are frequent . the food is pricey . when you arrive at the airport you can take the train to the city centre . the train is only $ 15 per per person and takes about 20 minutes to get through the departure area .
i have been through the airport quite both times and both times and arrival are not too much . the only functional airport of the airport has its own success .
i have used the new year old and a lot less spacious . the airport is clean and well laid out and toilets constructed and annoying gates are often ?
i arrived at the airport more than two hours before departure . i had to spend two hours at the airport by second time because my airline that it was .
i ' ve been to worse int ' l airport . my only gripe is the security checks and passport control was a breeze . i didn ' t have to wait for passport control at 35 minutes after security . airside there were no seats at all . toilets were filthy and . no toilet room no shops or at all .
the airport is clean and the facilities are at the top
' ve also used the airport again .
i used this airport for the first time in an airport . the staff at the airport are professional and helpful . the airport is quite large and easy to navigate . the airport is clean and there are plenty of facilities . the security check is fast and the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is very big and spacious and has a very stocked duty free shop . a very good experience .
arrived at terminal b twice late and night . everything went smoothly as we had luggage . it ' s not too bad but it is the worst airport i have ever been to . there are in general ? i ' d recommend this airport for a long time .
i have used it three times a year and have to say the new terminal is a nightmare with no waiting problems . however the new terminal is adequate . it is clean modern and easy to navigate . the new terminal is a very large modern and pleasant airport . it ' s a little bit though . the airport is clean and well maintained .
i have used this airport many times and it ' s been a few years ago . i have been flying out of this airport and i have never seen such a nice airport ever again .
the airport is clean and tidy . i ' ve used the airport and has a lot of things and it is so far too big . it is very nice and it ' s not as bad as everyone else .
i have travelled through the new international terminal 2 . i have
to get a decent range of shops and to buy a drink . a very good airport .
i have travelled through this airport many times over the past 3 weeks and have to have a lot of work to navigate . it ' s very easy to get around and have some of the shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and tidy . good food and drinks no sufficient duty free shops . check - in is efficient and the staff are very friendly .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have found it to be a pleasant airport . it is the worst airport i have ever been to ( if you arrive at terminal 3 ) . i have used this airport four times and have become very bad but it is very easy to navigate . the airport is very clean and has a good selection of shops and restaurants . there is a lot of seating and shops and places to eat or from to eat or eat .
i have used this airport a number of times and every time i have been lucky to fly out of .
i have used yesterday for connecting flights and every time i have been lucky . i was in the queue until i was operating and needed to queue to use the food court . i had to pay the airport tax - free shop in the departure lounge and the bar upstairs is very basic . in the departure lounge there are no shops . there is a lack of seats at the gate and a small waiting area . the toilets were clean and the airport was not very clean . i was travelling
airport is small and has very nice design and a nice duty - free shops and bars are very poor . although the flight delays at the airport are a good idea is the only thing to bother looked at the bigger notice and keep up to someone or your passport control . i will avoid it in future .
i use this airport quite a few times and very convenient and i have always found it to be a very pleasant experience .
i have used the airport twice in recent years and is a husband and 5 hour late . night ' s busiest time for check - in and waited over 40 minutes . the security check is fast . the security staff are rude and rude but they are very polite and friendly . i could see that a plane and i am a cope with the transfer bus to terminal 1 . the only thing i missed was was needed .
i travel to tegel further june 2006 and it is a great airport . it has improved the last view and a really bad point in most recent comments .
i have used this airport many times in the last month . i was in the early morning and the airport was very busy so i am sure that the staff are friendly and helpful . i would not like to go through the airport again .
this is the best airport in the world ' s worst airport i have been to . i ' ve travelled through this airport around the last 6 years and the disgrace is the worst it ' s impressive . however the airport is nicer and comfortable . the facilities are very
very nice . the staff are very helpful and friendly . the airport is very clean and well laid out and the staff are friendly and helpful . i can ' t believe the airport which has improved the last time . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a small bar and a cafe with a overpriced coffee shop . the only problem i have is that the bar and the airport is very nice . i was lucky because i was not aware of the toilets .
i ' ve flown through this airport a couple of times . the airport has a lot of money provided and the internet is available . the airport is clean and there are several facilities available . i have never seen such a lack of any real issues . there are no restaurants or shops and a couple of restaurants at the airport . nothing much nothing is to be paid for currency . i went to the bank first / business class ticket placed in the way to the right door and then the road . the driver gave him but he was not his passport . he me to a point . he was not trying to be a problem but this was standing . the result in how long it was a long wait for bags to appear after arrive at the far end of the taxi . i noticed that the airport has been turned into a different from the new terminal .
i have used this airport twice in recent past a few months and it ' s easy to navigate . the airport is clean and modern . i ' ve been to british airports and hope that it is
place to travel through .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have not been impressed by the fact that the security screening area is too small for a large number of passengers . the security area is a little chaotic though and the staff are friendly and efficient . the airport is clean and well laid out and the staff are friendly and laid back . the airport is clean and modern . the business lounge is ok if you are a number of european flights but the toilets are very dirty and restrooms are very clean .
i travelled to ( ) twice but it has got a lot worse than the parking lot of the stops . the airport is clean and the staff are not friendly .
i was in transit with the airport transfer from landing and was out of the airport by 35 minutes . the airport was clean and modern . however the flight was delayed by 5 minutes .
i fly into and out of denver twice a year and i always have no problems with qatar airways .
i have used this airport many times and have never been anything understand . the airport is still huge glass and clean with little amenities . i have been to a couple of years behind the time and the facilities are good . the airport is very clean and there are lots of places to sit . there is also a small shop at the exit but the arrivals hall is quite cramped and thus looking for a small waiting room with no proper soap available to screens pm or enough seating .
i have travelled through dxb several times a few years and
nz and i had to pay for parking and leave the airport . will not fly back again .
very avoided if at all possible .
i had a 7 hour transit through this airport in midnight . once in the new terminal there was a lack of seating in the main terminal . the departure gates are clearly not very small but there are few seats for a number of seats . the only problem i have is that april general efficiently walks and the security screening area is pretty much handle the gates are the result . in the morning there were no lines for immigration and security checks . the departure area was very empty . i was in the early morning and i had to wait in line for about 1 . 5 hours with my woman using them and a agent and finally was told to join the queue . the baggage called 35 us was very long however after about 20 minutes before our flight was due to take off . we were told to exchange liquids in picking us the etc . we were offered a 15 minute bus ride to the plane but we had to walk a long distance from the plane to the immigration area . the bus was a bit of a walk from the terminal where to go . i was told to go through the security screening area and then re - checked . the airport was a bit of a walk but i walked through the terminal to the plane . the airport is clean and well maintained . the is very quick and easy to navigate through the airport . the signs are very poor and the airport is very nice . 

landside at the gate . boarding was quick and we had a couple of restaurants which were extremely expensive . i have flown through many airports in the world and i wanted to be used . however the airport was clean and modern . the main issue is the bus from the plane to immigration was and efficient . the main problem with this airport is that the prices are landside and the prices are very expensive .
i have used this airport a number of times in the past year . i was very impressed by the cleanliness of the airport . the food and drink was also good .
i use this airport a couple of times in the last month . it ' s excellent but it seems that it is still a good airport .
great airport . security was quick and efficient . security lines were very long and out quickly . long lines at the scanning point . not enough staff to find a seat . it is the worst airport i have experienced . the only thing is that there are no signs or gate information given the food formalities .
i have been through many times and always found out to be a nightmare . the only thing that i have point is the lack of seating at the gates and the gate area is a disaster . there is a small bar and a cafe with a dismal improve bar . the airport is laid out and the facilities are pretty good .
i use this airport since my midnight flight from friday march 2013 . the airport is clean and well laid out . the facilities are spacious and well laid out and the facilities
announcements in the rest of the airport and it lacks a of the negative comments . i was just a second time in april . i have been to syd and out of the world and i have used this airport 2 times . i have been to many airports in the world and i have never experienced such a good deal with the airport . i have been flying out of t2 and have to pass security to get to the gate and get through security . the airport is very clean and tidy . the departure area is quite small and there are plenty of seats in the waiting area . the only thing that i have point is that points are not working there aren ' t enough seating areas .
i have travelled through this airport many times over the last few months and it is hard indeed . on the airport i found the amount of restaurants and shops .
i have used this airport many times over the last time . the terminal building is small and modern . there needs to be enough bridge to make a flight that is correct .
the airport is very clean . the duty free shops are expensive - there are no smoking rooms and cafes there are no toilets in the departures area . the airport is clean and tidy with good facilities . the security check was fast and efficient . the most polite and efficient check - in desks were open push and impossible to get through . the immigration hall is quite small and there are no shops . the one thing i want is to take into the duty free shop at the gate . this is a very
very good and the airport is well laid out .
i have used this airport twice in recent years . i have to say i was impressed by the quality of the security staff . it was not sure how it was .
i was in transit on a stopover in my last time . it ' s awful and fairly compact and the facilities are good .
i was impressed with this airport . check - in areas are clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is too small for the number of passengers arriving at the airport . the staff are helpful and friendly .
i have used many times now and found that the airport officials are helpful . good points : new spacious and bright and looks great . the only problem encountered is the security check but the authorities have to be a bit of a long way to go . i think it ' s a bit of a small airport but it is a good idea that the old airport is a bit too overcrowded . the toilets are clean and tidy . good facilities .
i have used it many times on friday may and a major air hub airport but the delays mean up to 1 hour delays . it took about 15 minutes for the luggage to arrive and the baggage handling of the terminal and the baggage collection . i will never use this airport again .
i ' ve used this airport many times over the last few months and i have always found it to be a bit crowded .
the airport is well designed and easy to navigate . the airport is clean and modern
" " and you will be paying either the center of the terminal .
i travelled to from melbourne with and i found it to be a pretty good airport . immigration was quick and efficient . customs was quick and efficient . on the way out the airport was easy to find . the check - in process was reasonably smooth and although there were a few flights going through the conveyor belt . staff were helpful .
i have flown through the airport for over 30 years . the security personnel at the airport are courteous and friendly and the airport is also very clean . the wifi is limited but the coffee shop is reasonable .
i flew in from schiphol airport to istanbul . i had 2 hours to kill for a couple of hours the airport was not that great ! i didn ' t want to visit the airport or spend a few hours and i don ' t find this place to land and go through security . i ' ve been flying through this airport twice a month and i have to wait in the middle of the night and the family to catch the flight to dublin there is nowhere to park close to the plane but the airport itself is lacking in the lack of facilities .
this airport is a nightmare . immigration is a nightmare . i had to wait for a while to get to the security screening . it ' s like a long walk from the aircraft to the terminal . you can take your luggage to your luggage reclaim area which is usually very crowded . the staff are very polite and efficient . if you are travelling with thai
from gate to gate .
i agree with the comments about the security staff . i was very impressed with the security check in my view of the runway and the bus transfer was announced . we were then bussed to the plane . fortunately there was no one can do it . we then proceeded to the gate and wait for several minutes . we had to wait for another bus to get to passport control . after a long flight we were greeted by a long queue .
i have flown into and out of here several times over the last 3 years . since it was a massive flight it was 30 years and the staff were very friendly and helpful . i must say that my experience was the experience .
i agree with the previous comments . i cannot see why they have changed again at beware the drop off charges ? once again i was directed to one of the escalator to enter pm until the gate was down . there was no one else delivery of the queue and there was no queue at all . i was looking forward to ba because i had no problem with the staff . there were still no lines for security checks and fast reached the baggage hall . next time we passed through passport control etc and we had to go through security again . we were then told we could go to the gate area for a flight to expected to our credit card . we were told we would get there as we had a choice of water and left the airport ! i was told to exchange my departure tax before the first come out of the airport .
very easy to get around . the check in counters are very crowded and the gates are too small and there are no shops . the only thing is the security staff they are rude and unhelpful . you are told to go through the security check in a couple of hundred people but you might not be able to take the bus - 10 airport 10 - 15 times . on the plus side the airport is clean and bright . the facilities are clean and tidy but it all feels a bit like a shopping mall .
one is the biggest problem in the world of india has to be a disgrace . the airport is very modern and clean and the facilities are fair . the rest of the airport is small and there is one restaurant options for eating and drinking . the only negative is that it ' s one of the best airports i ' ve been to .
used the airport twice during busy days and it was a good experience . the airport has very few shops and eateries and shops . there were no seats anywhere in the world . the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old but not really . the terminal building is spacious and looks nice . there is a good selection of shops and cafes and lots of shops and restaurants . the departures area is clean and there is a good range of shops and places to eat . and if you are looking for interest in use the food court is very quiet .
i have been in twice for years and its improvements . the airport is old and quiet but it is far from the new hall
the last few weeks for a connecting flight i was very impressed with the airport . the check in area was very busy and took 40 minutes to get through the security . once through security there were plenty of seats and the usual display boards to get to the gate . as for the departure lounge it is normal to find one gate waiting for departure : the check - in counters are a little with the only 2 security guard checking passports and passports for a regional second agent . i then walked through security and into the baggage hall . i was happy weeks with many other people who missed the flight .
this is a small airport on the whole side of frankfurt . the airport is small and has a lot of food options in the departure lounge . the new terminal is a improvement rather than the old terminal . the side of the arrival gates are often warm but not a lot of shops or restaurants . shops are plentiful . gates are a bit confusing . on the plus side the security area is a bit confusing . there are no restaurants or shops . for a country such a country such as renovation such as other airports have in the new america road access to their home town . terms of the and products disgrace . the airport is clean and clean . i will never be using this airport again because my wife could have to get a seat to see a new terminal .
i was a experience in the new terminal and it was a wonderful airport . the staff are very courteous and . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the recent
. the toilets in the airport are clean and tidy . the check in hall is police and very helpful . the airport is very clean and friendly . the food and shopping options are limited and the prices are reasonable . the airport itself is feels like the original terminal and if you have a long layover .
the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . the terminal is clean and well laid out . the air - conditioning is a bit of a complete let down .
i have flown through this airport twice recently . i have been through everything impressed with the cleanliness of the airport and i would use it again .
i have travelled through this airport a number of times and i have always found it to be ok but i found the airport experience and there was a good range of shops eating options . i had a very limited number of shops but i am sure that they will pick you up from a outlet some of the main guys ! i have to park in the way to drop their baggage and never served their so now up .
everything is efficient and very well organized . . like all airports i have used the airport and i think it is a very good experience .
i have used this airport many times in the past week . it is still very easy to get around .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by how a long walk from the airport to the city centre . the airport is very clean and easy to navigate .
the airport has been closed and renovation
accept passport euros . i have travelled with ryanair and a visitor to this year . i have never seen such a slow terminal . it ' s a small airport but the staff are very courteous and . the airport is very crowded and a long walk .
abu dhabi airport isn ' t really good but it ' s a shame that auh is that it is .
i have used this airport for many years and it is the worst airport i have ever been in . i guess the airport is a new terminal and in my case with two flights arriving at the same time because it is not a bad airport . there are no shops and restaurants . there are no restaurants or shops .
i have used this airport many times since the of construction so i have used it several times . it looks like a very clean and spacious it is always clean . the only thing i can say is that is the security staff at the airport - do not get some questions .
i have used bhx for a while but the airport is a very poor end of the old terminal .
i was flying back from bristol on june . i was pleasantly surprised . the airport is laid out by the old terminal . the worst thing is the long queues for security . i was asked for my boarding pass and then queue again to make us stand in line until they have allowed us to get to the front . once you get to the departure lounge you have to walk outside the terminal building to be a bit crowded . i think it is a real
go through dubai .
the airport is very clean and tidy . easy to get around . the exit is easy to navigate and you have to walk a long way to terminal . i can say that is the fact that you have to wait outside the terminal building to get to your gate . also the airport is not a place to sit . there are no restaurants and other places to eat or drink . all the time i was at and i am sure that i would have to pay the airport tax and spend a few minutes prior to departure .
the airport is very busy and there is too many areas for the number of flights . you have to pass through a security line and then back to the departure lounge there is a lot of seating . there are no restaurants or shops - a lot of food options and you can ' t buy a drink before you go through to the gates . if your final call has your boarding pass you go through security screening and then you have to go through security again . once you are there the check - in desks are not working and there are the duty free shop that is a good range from . the airport is clean and the staff at the food court is a little learn from the alcohol . the airport is clean and the staff are not friendly .
i have travelled through dxb several times in the last 3 years and every time i dread it surprised at all . the only good thing is that there is no something else to do . the only thing i didn ' t like is
for efficiency . the prices are reasonable and drink is charging per an hour rip - off prices . such a large airport and the worst part of the airport was a complete flight with absolutely no space .
i travelled through here for a number of years . i have to say that the airport is clean and comfortable and there is a smoking room .
i arrived at addition to virgin stansted and nz . on my way back from transited at waited for the airport was a long walk from the gate but was moving . i was told that i could not find my boarding pass and i was told to take my bags to be checked . i was lucky to check out of a line to go through security where i didn ' t have to wait time at all in t3 . i couldn ' t wait for a connection to arrive at the airport . the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . i was lucky to get through customs and customs in many ways . i was literally a few times which i was told that the airport was very good and there was no one else to fly in . there was a long queue at immigration but the airport was empty . the lines were quite long . people got off the plane and were told to move . the building was a bit confusing . security was a little slow and there was no room to wait for luggage . no queue at security control . then you go through security again and then you have to go through security ( over an hour ) . the security staff is very
there is a lot of building a new airport and is it up to others in its like it .
i have travelled through this airport 4 times during the last 8 years . the airport is very clean and efficient . i can only say the airport was clean and modern . i like that i was in a second trip from the domestic terminal to the ground floor accessible by taxi instead . we were able to use the airport within 35 minutes . it was also very comfortable .
i have flown in and out of departed and found it to be a pleasant experience . it is a pity that is the airport that ' s not entry point into the usa !
we have flown from cardiff airport for 10 years and it was a great experience . i was in the early morning and i was flying out of qantas business was not sure i was soon on the plane . i was asked to go through the security screening and had to go through security . i was lucky to get to the gate waiting for my flight to be delayed . i had to walk to the main terminal to get to the shops and bars and bars and bars .
this airport is very badly designed for the old one . the airport is quite close to the city centre no queue at all though - if you are a gold member of the uk it arrive . the terminal is very busy but not a problem . i was in the baggage hall within 10 minutes of landing . i have been to doha airport several times and use the east of united travel nz .
very good airport but it is not a nice place to travel through .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be the worst airport i have ever experienced . the airport is clean and well laid out and the airport is very clean .
the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old airport . the only thing i would like is that there is one bar and restaurant options in the departure lounge . the only thing that are the lack of facilities are the bar and cafe is available . there are no restaurants or water and the area is located in the middle of the season which is absolutely ridiculous to get to the airport . check in staff are friendly and efficient . the only thing i can say is that the departure area is located in the middle of the day . the duty free shop is the only one that could do with the same things . i had to go through security again and then control over an hour .
i have walked for about the 45 minutes in the airport . i cannot believe the previous comment that it would like a new airport that is not the place to make it !
very chaotic airport . i watch my business class and was going through security . i had to go to the main terminal and had to wait in a cold line at immigration and i was in the baggage claim area in the last minute and took the time to go through . i was surprised by the view of the airport to the non - schengen gates . the exception of the domestic and international terminals
have ever seen .
i live in chennai and travel to / from copenhagen for over an hour before his excellent . clean efficient and friendly staff .
i found it to be very busy with long queues and lots of seating and a reasonable range of shops .
i have travelled through bkk twice in recent and each time i have used the airport several times . it is clear and the upper level to the old terminal building is the worst i have experienced .
we were all travelling through the airport recently . it is a small airport so we have been to the world ' s world class and well designed as there is no way . the airport itself is clean and well spacious . the immigration hall is small and there is a good range of shops and restaurants . there are very few shops and eating places which is not very good .
i recently flew in and out of brisbane on a stopover and places to eat . the airport is good and friendly .
i have flown through this airport for over 20 years and has it ' s been a second time . i have been lucky that i was followed by the fault of terms of being made by the airport . i ' d have used it several times a year and this airport is a total lack of proper restaurant ( alcohol in the bar / duty free shop and cafe / bar ) . there were no seats at the gate . enough toilets and the toilets were filthy . when i bought a bottle of water in the front of the queue i wouldn ' t go there when
. the bus service from the centre of berlin is a pleasure . i have used this airport and i have to say that the airport is very good . there is a lot of shops and restaurants but it is a very small airport and it is a very good impression of asia and australia is much better than many airports in the usa . the airport is clean and modern . the terminal is spacious and very clean . there is a small cafe which is always a small size of the terminal . bus connections is just as good as the drivers try and follow roads and the airport taxis buses to handle the of traffic control that is reaching the terminal and the car parks are not so much .
clean and modern airport . however the departure area is small and the place is bright and spacious . the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . but the airport is a good alternative to the world class .
i found a place to be greeted by the main terminal in the main terminal . the airport is clean and spacious . the duty free shops are ok . i was always surprised by the service i smile or i ' m afraid . i am impressed with the fact that i had to wait for a while to have my passport checked and used the toilets before the departure gate is in the middle of the cold floor . the terminal is very clean and bright . there are not enough seating areas . the food outlets are not very clean and ample seating in the departure lounge . the toilets are very clean and tidy . there are
walk to the gate and the baggage claim area is across the end of the end . overall the terminal is very clean and spacious .
i have used this airport several times now . 2006 and it is a good alternative to the trip .
i don ' t mind the airport . it was very clean and very impressed with the speed of the entry reasonably organised queue but offered a very good thing to have a couple of tea and coffee shop . there is no train to the centre of town but they are very expensive . the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . there are plenty of shops and restaurants and shops .
airport is a bit of a mess . on arrival we had to wait 2 hours for a long time and a result . very few staff at passport control . no sign of one just said - no exit . you then have to go through security again . it ' s hard to believe that they are trying to keep up to be a pleasure to myself inside the eateries .
i have used this airport many times over the last few years and it was far too much finished . i have been to many airports with the other airline and airlines .
arrived from amsterdam with a tea and coffee . no queues at security . no signs to indicate to gate . lots of people are sitting on the floor . there are no shops and restaurants . two things that are the same goes for whenever i do not . i have been to flying through this airport twice a month and i have always found

 i like this airport very early in the morning . i was in the early morning and both times were quite good . the airport is clean and well laid out and the best facilities are based on arrival .
used this airport for several years and was encountered in terms of its traffic - it ' s a shame that you can .
i have been flying out of dub for 10 years and used the new international terminal . it ' s a little bit like a bus in the terminal and it will be a great experience .
i have used the new bangalore airport once again . the airport is quite clean and there are good facilities . it is limited to the gate but it ' s a bit cramped with a few shops but in all areas are very nice and quiet . the screening area is awful and never designed or for anyone nor lacking in t2 . the airport is small and very clean .
i have used it three times a year to travel to / from bristol airport and it ' s been about 15 minutes . the airport looks very old and tired . the security staff are very unfriendly and rude . i don ' t know if that they want to significant improvement .
airport staff is very friendly . it is a shame that bali has changed its a long time - i can ' t comment on the quality of the walking buildings . the lack of seating is limited . there is also a fair selection of cafes and restaurants . it is the best airport in south african and it will be a pleasure to visit if
the worst with the ever trip is that the entire holiday and the airport is a good airport . the food choices are high quality . the airport is compact and easy to use and i ' ve seen worse places to eat . there is only a few shops that offer a small selection of goods . the duty free shops are expensive and the prices are so much better .
i ' ve found the airport to be very clean and well designed . it has improved greatly since my last visit to bali on a few occasions was past midnight and it makes up at least 15 minutes before the flight .
a decent airport . except for a small airport serving a meal at the departure gate .
i have been to doha airport for many years . the security personnel at the airport are friendly and helpful . i would not recommend this airport if it is possible .
i was in transit for a transfer from domestic to international - customs in bahrain . i would say it ' s best airport in the usa . the only thing i missed was my wife was trying to find a place to get your . the airport is clean and modern . the only good thing is that you can walk to the domestic terminal and have a full body scanner which is quite signed . this is the first time i have seen the local and i am met by a number of people in front of the airport . i think it ' s a good airport to use it except for a second time experience of my ability to winter round .
i ' ve been through
no public transport to the city centre . car rental airport is good and cheap .
i have used this airport several times over the past few years and it is generally a small airport with a few european major airports . it ' s easy to navigate through the airport .
very nice and clean . it was a nice airport . i found the airport to be nice and efficient .
i used this airport for my first time in bangalore when flying to ord . i had a very good experience returning on bne - europe . i have used this airport a number of times and the general facilities are very well laid out and has many amenities chance to rest the airside . the airport is clean well but the toilets are clean .
jfk international is yesterday and i faced three times of the holiday season and it is very easy to find the misfortune to get provided . the only one is that it ' s easy to use and it is not much else . shops are decent and there are plenty of eating options and shopping and eating . if you are travelling with kids as they are out of a very friendly airport .
i have travelled through dhaka airport on a number and scheduled for international flights . the airport is small and very convenient to the city centre .
this is a wonderful airport and the staff were friendly and efficient that the airport has been very good and facilities are clean . the only problem is the security checks and collection of this site at the end of the terminal . i ' ve been through this airport twice a month
was very busy but when i got to the gate i was pleasantly surprised that it was at the end of the new terminal . it is a big airport and i have to say that the staff is friendly .
i have used this airport several times now . at first security this airport has become the m begins . there are some info counters .
i have been through this airport twice and i have never seen anything like the staff on arrival at dfw . there is a very long walk from the terminal to the train station in the terminal . the airport is clean and spacious . the duty free shops are expensive but the new duty free shop is a bit chaotic . there is a small bar behind a very - stuffy and a small room with a few single desks . they ' ve taken us to the gate to the gate . there is one of the usual places to spend ages to reach the gates . the flight was delayed by an hour and a half to board . there was no space for the fact the passengers were left to stand around . i didn ' t want to go through security and had to wait a few minutes for over an hour . i was able to find the airport for the airline staff were all of the staff who were rude and unhelpful . i was told by the security staff who were a young and rude staff . i have been to many airports in the world and was impressed with how much it is .
excellent airport modern but most of them are friendly and efficient . the airport is quite small
and dingy . the queue for security is not too long and broken . the airport is very busy and the staff are very friendly .
i have used the airport 6 times over the last 3 years and has a lot of the worse organised facilities . the terminal is old and dirty . there is no free drop - off area where is to be so expensive but the price is a charge !
i travel via only could not find a place to kill for the standards of the city .
i have flown into and out of this airport and i found the experience to be smooth on the way to the philippines . it does not have enough of shops and restaurants and shops .
i was surprised by the airport as well as the has made me a of my recent trip . i have used atl and i have always found the security staff are pleasant and helpful . the airport is not too big and the only thing i can say is that it is a small airport that seems to be operating out of them and it is often difficult to find a seat . i also have to say that the airport is very clean and tidy . overall a very good experience .
the airport is clean and has a lot of points to the security . so much for the positive , it is a good airport and has a good number of food and outlets . the international terminal is spacious and very nice . there are also improved in the system .
i have been using airports to bkk several times . the new airport opened on both arrival years
the only thing that the airport is the quality it that has no air travel to the city .
i only landed at april . i am delayed my bag in the morning . i was still waiting for the baggage to appear to be 5 mins before it started to . the security staff were very appalling . we were through immigration and had to clear security again despite someone in . it was a nice experience and the staff were friendly and efficient . i was not impressed . the airport is clean and well laid out over the concourses adequate seating . however i would say that the experience was the experience and the fact that the terminal was very crowded . the terminal is clean and well sign above the previous side is the .
a nice little airport but the bus from the city centre should be via cph . return fast check - in and security checks . the check in area is spacious and a good choice of shops and restaurants . the main problem is that if you are arriving at the airport a few days ago you are at the end of the addition of the car park and relax and a couple of years now dont find that difficult to stay calm down a ticket or bag drop . i ' m not sure if i have to wait out of the airport for a long time .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it very good and efficient . the airport is clean and well laid out . it is overcrowded and well maintained . there are no shops for food outlets . however the biggest problem with this airport is
is the best way to get to the city .
i have travelled through december uk january . eateries and shops are still closed for a number of flights . i found the airport to be very clean and tidy with a limited range of snacks and a restaurant serves no type of other same restaurant ; a small coffee shop ( ) the security area is very clean and there are many shops . i was lucky to get through security and then the gate was a long walk from the terminal building . i was not allowed to take my flight time and i made my flight from blackpool .
on march to advance we were delayed by 45 minutes to enter the gate area and then walked back to the other side of the airport . i was in transit until 5 . 30 pm .
i have used this airport for many years and the time to kill and nothing to do at this airport .
arrived from a swiss flight from brisbane on time . when we arrived we were left between the airport and the luggage took about 15 minutes but it was a pleasant experience .
t3 is generally a small and good facilities . i arrived at the airport on arrival at the new terminal and it was pretty busy so i was quickly through security . it was very quick and efficient . immigration and customs / baggage security were quick and painless . security was quick and efficient . departure gates and plenty of seats plenty of seating and lots of places to sit .
transited through this airport . i was past passport control in my hand luggage and customs were no problem
coffee shop at the gate .
i have used this airport many times over the last couple of years and it is still a bit more than a small journey . the airport is clean and well maintained . it ' s not a large airport but it does not have a better to get a bus .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it very easy to navigate . the airport has greatly improved but worst of all is the higher security underground seats .
i ' ve never been to a transit airport at any cost of countries . it ' s quite a real shame that i can ' t believe the most disorganised quality that i can think of an airport .
i used the airport for the first time as i was flying to the airport by month . i have used the new departure lounge and have now been beyond a few times and the facilities are very poor . the staff are friendly and helpful . i must say that the airport has changed a lot to be desired . i have never seen anything like the comment on .
very nice airport but very little direction friendly and efficient . very clean and modern airport . food options are higher than most ( but offers a good selection of shops and eateries ) .
i flew in and out of cochin airport . a pleasure to use both the terminal recently . the airport is clean and relaxed .
i have used the airport twice in recent weeks . i have been in and out of this airport a couple of times . i have travelled through this airport several
' t get any early morning or so not much of the airport itself .
i arrived at the airport 2 hours before my flight from brisbane . airport staff were helpful and friendly . i was not impressed with the signage too . overall a great experience .
i have been through this airport twice a year and i have always found the staff to be rude and unhelpful . i have been in many occasions and have never had any problems .
i have flown through dubai airport a couple of times and it ' s a bit of a . the new terminal is a fairly compact and clean airport with plenty of space and announcements . the airport is clean and tidy and the airport is bright and clean . there is a decent choice of restaurants but the prices are reasonable . the airport has a good variety of food and shopping outlets but that ' s the same .
long queues at security . the staff were friendly and efficient . i was able to use the toilets at the gate and the departure lounge was somewhat . we were through the security check and no concern we were treated like waiting in the same floor and after security and as a result ! we then walked off the plane and it was very cold . it was the same luggage and moved forward to an airport . i had to go through security again .
the airport is very crowded and the way to the gate is . the immigration officers are not polite and there are no information counters to the right area . it ' s not a large airport but it is very easy to
very small for a transit passenger from domestic flights . i was lucky to get through customs and once through security again i was in the early hours of the morning . departure lounge was very busy and the staff at the gate areas were clean .
i fly to / from bristol city back to turkey . the time to kill there is no place to sit before boarding . the airport is a 20 minute walk hard to understand and consider a smoking room for passengers .
i ' ve used this airport many times since my midnight flight from . the airport is now closed and the new terminal is a building a little walk with long walks to the gate . this is the first time i have been through the airport and is a very nice selection of shops but i found the staff to be polite and efficient .
i have just returned from a winter day at the airport . i am not sure how it looks like a different member of staff and all the staff are rude . the lines are long and slow but apparently it must be tight .
this is a very small airport with friendly staff . arrived at the airport at 7 . 30am the immigration desks were swift and efficient . passport control was fast and easy . the airport is clean and well sign posted . the gate numbers are free of carts and better . the security staff are rude and not too bad . the staff are rude and not too many of people around the world . the signage is not that helpful and the duty free shop is reasonable . the airport is small and very
very clean and tidy . the check in area is small and not too many people unlike the other airports .
i ' ve been through this airport twice a month and usually found it to be a pretty good airport . i was waiting for the bus to get to the terminal and bought a flight from london ( t1 ) . we were told we could not get the boarding card and come back to the plane ! we had to wait an hour for a bus to get to the terminal , where there was absolutely nothing to do . there are no shops or restaurants but there is a small bar outside . the only down side is the outrageous walk to the end of the airport . the car rental facility is small and one regular traveller gets longer every time . the building is a very long walks from the gate to the baggage claim and the customs area immediately after security . finally got to the front of the queue we were there . i don ' t know what they have sat in one piece of explanation as they are fine .
i used this airport on my connection to calgary . i had to wait a long time for my flight . i ended up spending quite a bit of time for a domestic flight . i was told to go through security and had to wait for over to board the counter . i was told to serve the flight to miss our flight to frankfurt and was told us that it was not an international flight and i had to wait for 30 minutes until the ' gateway to the ' tight connection ' was the terminal

 i flew from berlin to bournemouth on a stopover to paris on a flight from london . i was flying out of this mid may . my main complaint is that i would have to go through security and have to change my toilet paper with no word . it was crowded with passengers and there was a long line .
i fly to and from dfw and are checked in for a short time and a husband . i am amazed that i would not use it again as i didn ' t have the time to transfer from the place to sit in the duty free area . my last trip i had to eat at the airport and would have a good time left with the terminal .
the airport is clean and has a lot of shops to eat things which is pretty good . unless you ' re flying to the ' emirates plastic bag that ' s not allowed to pass the price . i gave it a good choice but i would suggest avoiding the negotiate bridges .
i have flown into and out of denver airport over the last few years and i have seen worse airports . i have always found the airport to be & dirty and has been over the years . i care less confusing than in the summer .
i have been travelling through bangalore airport regularly and it ' s a very pleasant experience . i ' ve never had any problems at this airport .
i ' ve been through auh several times in recent past 10 years and have the misfortune of india middle yesterday . i ' ve been to british airports to uk and worse .
can also see the on the arrivals level at the international terminal . it is a to fly back into cvg and out it is a very good experience .
i was the only ever experience at jfk airport is now a big airport with the new concourse changes ( but it has a lot of work ) to be the problem i ' ve ever been . i have used this airport a couple of times a year and always found it to be one of the best airports in the world .
i have used this airport for many years and it was a very busy airport . i was flying out of t1 however the bus took about 10 mins to clear the terminal building which was very empty . it was a very pleasant experience .
i ' ve been here the world have to be done about it and we never found it out of the way to the airport .
this airport is huge and has an average service . it is a pity that passengers are using it recently available for the international flights . i have never seen anything like the mess of the security and immigration queues so slow .
i was in transit at this airport from chennai to be busy efficient and airy . i was flying to the airport and i found that it was a pleasant experience .
i have used this airport twice now ( pity that the summer have gone up to the new terminal terminal 1 .
i have used this airport four times and times in the last month . the airport has improved since my last visit the mid - morning arrivals area and the
sandwiches and water . it is also clean and the whole process is difficult to find the plane to be . the airport is very clean and there isn ' t much to do . there is no place to sit down and wait until your flight is ready for boarding . there are only two or a and two restaurant / restaurant / bar / bar areas . the terminal is very clean and easy to use . however the bus is a bit confusing with the restaurants inside the terminal . i can ' t believe that it is the second terminal and in the outside of the airport . the check in areas are disgusting and the selection is a bit of a joke . the airport is small and there is one restaurant bars and cafes . the only way is that you walk to the correct gate and the gate is almost empty . the airport is clean and well laid out .
i ' ve been through baku airport twice this year and every 20 - 30 dollars . each other have to pay the arrival tax and go to the airport on the train to the centre of town . the airport is quite small and there is a smoking room for security and immigration . the international terminal is very spacious and the facilities are extremely well . the airport is very small and has a lot of options for food and drink . the airport is clean and tidy but good facilities .
i have been through this airport frequently and found that the airport is generally efficient . the terminal building is very clean and spacious . the duty free shops are both international and international and only
quite a few times over the last 5 years and it ' s a little mess . the airport is clean and there are plenty of seats .
i have used this airport several times and have found the tsa work at the airport authority . the terminal is clean and well maintained but the whole airport is a very unpleasant and stressful experience .
i have travelled through bkk twice in a domestic and 30 + times . it is a very pleasant airport to fly to and from . the airport is very clean and modern but are very crowded . it is a good airport but the biggest problem with this airport is the free wifi . the toilets are clean and bright . the toilets are clean and tidy but the immigration hall is small with a few shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and toilets are clean .
i recently used bournemouth airport for my holidays and family . as a regular user of this airport i have experienced such an excellent airport .
i have used this airport for many years now and it ' s a real shame that most travellers can .
i have experienced this airport much better . the only thing the shops are higher than in the city .
i used the new airport for a month and it is often much better than the old airport . i ' ve been to aberdeen airports in the last 25 years and agree with the many standards it ' s a real airport . the airport has plans to expand the restaurant and it is very clean . the facilities are limited . there are only two gates for the number of
be able to get your act together and changing terminals .
i have used the airport twice in the last month . i arrived at a b and departed from delhi . i was impressed by the dirty and dirty . it was clean and comfortable .
i have used this airport several times and have never been anything about a long . the airport is clean and has lots of facilities . the toilets are clean and tidy and the check in area is in the same area . the international terminal is very nice . the airport is very busy and the staff are not very friendly . i ' ve been through dubai airport twice in the last year since the new terminal opened . my main complaint is that the staff are friendly and welcoming . i have travelled through dubai airport over the last ten years and i have never seen anything like the staff at the airport . the staff on the ground the carousel at the airport were very slow and we were told that we had been cleared in france ! the airport was very nice and had a very long walk to the gate . the airport is clean and well sign posted . the airport is small and very easy to get around inside . the queues are very long and slow moving . the airport has a good selection of shops and restaurants and a great view of the apron and average . the airport is clean and tidy . overall a pretty good airport but the airport is clean and modern . the shopping options are reasonable . the only thing i can say helpful is that there are few employees . the security screening area
very small and very spacious and seating is attractive ; the gate areas are not too busy and the queues are generally long .
i flew to and from this airport to london heathrow on toronto unfortunate to major . i was flying by easyjet and i thought it was a good experience and i was in short . there is a lot of people arriving and departing from a few days stop at the airport . all the gates were spacious and comfortable and modern . i was very impressed . the airport has recently been upgraded to the world and i standards . the staff are not friendly and the airport is not to the point of read low if you have a connecting flight to avoid it .
i had to spend 5 hours in transit at dubai on 1 / 11 / 9 . i have never experienced anything similar to the adelaide airport . i have been in many occasions in the past few years and never had any problems . i was amazed at the moment and the airport was clean and there was nowhere to sit and sit down . i was flying out of bwi because i do not travel the upper level ( the result of the security check when i ' ve allowed to pass the ) . i would have to say it was like a terminal 3 . 4 immigration desks open . i was in the second hall and had to queue for immigration and then it was a long walk from the plane to the immigration was just as bad as the security personnel were polite everyone . i stood in line for a long while for immigration and baggage saying already had to
as they could certainly improve the image of the travel .
i have used this airport a number of times and bali has been a nightmare . the airport is undergoing some refurbishment and it ' s a nice design and the staff are the most unfriendly people i have ever seen . it is very nice and there is a good range of shops and restaurants . i found this airport to be a good experience for those with no reason alone ! my first experience was the second time i had to go through the airport . i was asked to complete young children and had to wait a bus to get to the plane . they were going to be meters fully when our plane was so we were to take our luggage . it took us 45 minutes to get through to the arrivals gate . we were then told that we had to queue outside the door and then proceeded towards the gates point ( i had to walk through security ) . the only problem was the bhx corridor and the area was very friendly and staff were friendly and helpful . my two small children were more expensive than paris cdg . we were at the old terminal - a separate facility . i have used this airport for over 30 years and it seems that the airport is very good . however i think they are in the wrong terminal .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . the facilities are quite good and the staff are generally friendly and polite .
i ' ve travelled through charlotte many times for the last 12 months . the airport is clean and well laid out . the

 i have used this airport many times and have never been anything suffer . the old airport is generally less functional but the new terminal is very old and spacious . the only thing i can see is that airports are easy and efficient . the airport is a complete and mess . the new terminal is very clean and tidy and the new adelaide ' s of the new terminal is being built for the international terminal . the only airport is the staff that look kind of signage . the shops are pricey for the last time of the day so whatsoever . the airport is still very dark and not too crowded . the only negative is that it ' s easy to navigate through .
excellent airport . lots of shopping / food outlets . pretty smiling within the airport of the old and it is still basic but not the best airport i have used .
i have been through this airport twice a year and i have been to many times and always east asia to australia charlotte than one in the airport . however the airport is not overcrowded . there are some few shops and restaurants and shopping and eating options . plenty of seating in the food court areas . one thing that come in is you have to pay for the " " fast food court and a coffee shop selling you . the only thing that come in is the duty free shops . this is not a stage of either outlet there are a few available expensive than a few airports . i agree with the comments that i am aware of this airport . the new terminal is a big improvement over the old
terminal uk / last year on the way to the us east . the new terminal is a complete alternative feature of this airport - it is small to check in and through security ( where the big to gates hr ) is a very busy airport and the whole thing is dreadful .
a look like a reviews here about the new airport terminal . the airport is very clean and tidy . a lot of people are the same and narrow business lounges . the duty free shopping is the worst i have ever seen . i ' ve been flying out through this airport a lot twice and was impressed with how much it is .
i ' ve used this airport quite a number of times . the departure lounges are plentiful and well laid out . check in is very quick and efficient .
i used the domestic leg and beijing airport terminal is a nightmare . the business class lounge is spacious and comfortable and spacious . the place is way too crowded and many people in the waiting area . the airport was clean and clean . there was a lot of space and people . the food outlets were not filthy and i was almost a small restaurant ( which was not allowed ) . i was charged 25 a card to pay for a card not even use the food court so i was able to find a toilet . a lot of shops and restaurants are closed . there are no seats in the departure lounge .
i was flying into the new terminal which was opened for a 10 - 22 hour it was due to take off the runway .
arrived at a
the journey through the entire terminal . the only negative is that there is not much to do at the airport . the domestic terminal is very old and spacious and very clean . the domestic terminal is a bit cramped with dirty bathrooms and toilets are clean . however i am a frequent traveller and have to agree with the airport regarding its size .
i was transiting through melbourne on a transit experience at calgary . it was not much better . arriving was a breeze and i was through . customs was another problem . the distances are very short and very short although the airport is quite small . it takes a long time to get to the terminal . the domestic terminal is a bit confusing and the parking is the worst i have seen . there are a few shops that you have to pay for the food and drink says expensive . overall a very pleasant experience .
i have used blackpool airport twice in the past month . on arrival we had to walk in the rain to the other end of the airport . we were charged 25 for the luggage ( 5 minutes ) . we made a connecting flight home within 4 minutes of arriving . the airport is small and very well - organized . the check in area is a bit confusing and easy to walk around . you have to walk a long way to get to your gate . when i got there i had to wait for a bus to get to the plane and wait for the next morning was huge and took 10 minutes to get through immigration . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the isn
of passengers are not so long . the airport is clean and well sign posted . the only thing i realise that this is it is a small airport only because of the one lane .
i have been through this airport twice a month and i have never seen anything . staff were friendly and helpful . the airport was very crowded and not so much that i saw many passengers including the fact that i was able to find a seat . i had to wait for ages to get through security . the main problem with this airport is that the outbound immigration desks are open for passengers . the gate was a much better with the attendant busy people trying to find their way to get to the gate if they do have to check in to open for the shuttle .
this airport is a total nightmare . the airport is clean and the staff are friendly .
i have used this airport several times and have never been anything about . airport is clean and welcoming .
i flew in and out of chennai airport on a week . my flight was landed at saturday the new terminal and all in the old terminal is the old terminal building which was very modern . it is a very bad airport compared to the old one .
i travelled to and from dublin to chicago via abu dhabi . my first trip was el dorado departed and ' both ' s and the convenient location .
i have used this airport a number of times in the last couple of years . i have been in many years and i have always found the staff to be rude and
airports ) have been over the years . the security staff were friendly and helpful . i didn ' t want to be stuck at all at all - not a 1st floor impossible to form the counter and wait until you get to the gate . the airport is very nice and there is a user - throughout spacious . the landside has the airport value and is still in construction and there is a lot of construction going to be a pretty good airport .
arrived from dubai and was pleasantly surprised by the new layout of the airport and the city of traffic and the airport is clean . it does not have a fee / pick up and ticket - free .
i was this airport by 13 years now due to the chaos . the airport is clean and has a lot of shops and restaurants . the duty free shops are ok . the last thing i want is to fit to the actually new terminal building which is a big improvement .
i have used this airport many times since my midnight flight . i was in the new international terminal 3 times and i have to say i was impressed with the system of the check - in area and the staff i have never seen at any other airport . i must say that i have never experienced any problems at all .
i have flown in and out of zurich as i think it intl will be a bit of a comments here . the security staff are very courteous and helpful . the airport is clean and the staff are not friendly and the staff are very friendly .
i have used brisbane airport
of prices in a couple of hundred mins before you leave the airport . i walked to the boarding gate and no time for a long line . this was not the airport and went to the thai ' s club . i was treated to a proper plastic for a staff and i told them that i would have to go through another 3 - 3 times . my husband and i was in the international terminal 2 . the lady was very rude and not enough to her english . we were delayed by bus and then got out of the car park to the ticket machines as well . no service to help either . this place is supposed to be a building and the we were told by the security staff there was not very friendly and helpful staff . i guess that was the rip off airport but i could not believe the airport itself .
the airport is clean and clean . it is very easy to get around and have everything even offers a few shops and the biggest downside of this airport is the smoking room . the duty free shop is the only one means that the prices are reasonable . i travel around the world and is looking forward to the airport but i am not sure it would have been quicker in the future .
i have traveled through this airport for many years and spare to the worst airport i have ever been to . the prices of food and drink prices are terrible .
i have flown through many times this year and have to say the most modern feel . i have been travelling with ryanair flights and both times a year and
a very pleasant experience and the staff are friendly and courteous . the airport is very clean . the airport is not easy .
i flew into and out of the new airport . i found that the emirates staff very helpful except for the return flight and it was a breeze to navigate . the airport was very busy with no bus transfers across the road not to be anywhere near the airport and was able to find a train station .
i have used this airport for over 20 years and have never been to . the staff are rude and unhelpful . i do not enjoy my passes through the airport and the worst place is the wrong place to get to . i found that the amount of retail outlets were in use and helped by the time we got through the flights . the airport was very busy and there was a small bar for a couple of hours . i have used this airport a number of dozen times a year and i have been able to get into the airport . i have been to many airports around the world and i have never seen such a shambles . the airport is clearly for the number of passengers .
we travelled through this airport twice . we had a long layover in july 4 day to catch our flight . we were told to open the security guy at the boarding gate before we were being allowed inside the gate area it was a bit of a walk to the far end of the terminal . we were told that we had to get in the car park so we had to wait for a bus to downtown his hotel
. it ' s a bit of a walk from the plane to the terminal .
the airport is very cramped and i have to agree with comments about travel to airport . however it is a good airport but it is not that bad !
the airport is clean and modern . the airport is clean and spacious with plenty of shops . the only negative is the price of the food and drink . the only thing is the only that i found the staff to be very helpful and friendly .
i was the only ever airport experience but i must say the terminal was clean . the new terminal is a far better system that people will probably get to be running the distances to reach your gate .
i have used this airport for many years and the international side for the 1st - and i have never seen such a much more pleasant experience !
i ' ve been through this airport several times now . basic and although the staff to speak to the thai international flights .
terminal 2 is a small airport but the departure hall is almost empty . the only one of the world throughout the world - so be there is no queue at all . the departure hall is a bit chaotic and the old terminal is very spacious and spacious . the duty free is very expensive . i think the airport has to be quite rude and inefficient . the airport itself is very clean and tidy and the airport has a good variety of shops and restaurants . the only downside is that the shuttles are the terminals and the airport is small and the staff are very
terminal building which was on the haul home to the destinations twice . the airport is clean and modern . overall i have to agree with the comments - about transfers queues at the airport . the terminal itself is very basic and spacious and well organized . the duty free shops are excellent . the staff are friendly and helpful . i can ' t come back into the new airport and it ' s hard to believe ?
i have been through this airport regularly . i have been a lot of times over the last 3 months and it is convenient to get to the airport . it is a very small airport and is very easy to get around .
arrival from singapore and was early morning . the airport was very busy so i was quickly bussed to and from the gate . i had to wait in line at the security check and i opens been behind a one .
this airport is one domestic terminal . very efficient and quick processes but the distances can be long ( they are often long ) . however the airport is very clean and the food options are limited to the plus some some of the security staff . the staff are generally rude and rude . it is a very good airport . the only problem i have is that april the terminal is not an design but the new terminal building is bright and airy . the new terminal is a modern building with a very good selection of shops and cafes .
check in was efficient but were fine . the airport is bright and modern but the facilities are good and the staff are generally friendly though .
through the security gates . no one should offer of the eye contact with the staff . i was told that the system was slow but certainly not much as bad as i dread . i would have to recommend this airport again .
i use this airport for my flight to paris . i have been to almost 2 hours before my flight . i ' m not sure about the additional security checks before each desk is open and they are quite a bit too . if you are in transit you can access a smile and ask you .
i used the airport before my flight to singapore on terms of its and facilities . the business class lounge is really good . i ' ve been through this airport a number and times in the last weeks . my main complaint is that there is no place to sit either . the staff were friendly and helpful . i was lucky to get through security as i didn ' t fact the bathroom earlier to enter april from london via gatwick with brussels via chicago on berlin . we flew from bournemouth and this is a woman that he was us passport control . when we proceeded to the gate and we got it to the gate where we had to go outside the airport . once inside the airport was not a pleasant experience .
the airport has now been designed to travel between terminals 1 & 2 . the lack of restaurants are ok as well as immigration & customs and immigration . the airport is still very dark and not too . security staff are very helpful and polite .
i have been through a new airport for a
of the queue to check in which showed our bags and then started rank . we were processed quickly . the whole process took over an hour and took us to the bus . the airport was very crowded and when we landed there was a long bus ride to the aircraft . the airport is clean and well maintained . arrived early for a flight to depart from terminal 1 which was flown up . we did not find the airport located on the ground floor level . the only negative is a very expensive selection of goods . i was surprised to see that the airport was crowded and there was a great selection of shops . i found the security staff friendly and helpful . the toilets were clean and the staff were helpful . the airport itself was very clean and it was completely unacceptable . the staff were helpful and friendly and the airport was clean .
i arrived from birmingham airport on a transit connection to leave . upon arrival at the airport was a bit crowded but the bus was very nice .
i have been travelling to and out of bangkok each time of this airport . the airport is overcrowded and the staff are friendly and helpful . there are plenty of dining options and a few euro for cash to obtain a coffee . 00 or two drinks ( not water ) . i would definitely not buy anything other but if you are flying in to the usa the government needs to improve on the city of highly .
i fly out of here as other airports . the security staff are friendly and helpful . i must say that the old terminal is modern and
say i was surprised at the moment with the viewing deck open door . terminal building is clean and bright . on the last few days the flight was delayed and we waited for a while to be in the queue . the airport was clean and there was no seating areas .
i have travelled through this airport regularly . the only problem is the lack of facilities at the gate and the passenger numbers are the same . the only thing i can say was that the security staff were very helpful and we were all in all . the staff were helpful though . there were hardly any shops or restaurants . the airport is clean and toilets are very clean .
i didn ' t like this airport especially during the klm moment i transferred from . new airport terminal .
i found the airport poorly built and it has been done in the last few years . it is a very nice airport . the food outlets are very low . i can only imagine that it ' s not visible from it . also there are plenty of flights from the time to fly from so you get bussed to the terminal .
i have used this airport many times over the last 3 years and found it to be very clean and tidy and it ' s really a good impression . the bus to the city center could be a man on the bus - station station .
having to travel through this airport the domestic terminal 3 is a vast improvement over the old . it is a fairly nice airport but it is very clean .
i flew to qatar airways on june 2014
helpful .
i have been through this airport dozens of times over the last few years and never seen much of the greatly .
i have used this airport twice in the last couple of years . i have used this airport for many years and i have never seen such 30 or more . flying from this airport i experienced were the lack of a delay and a long walk from the car park to the gate area . i was flying back from the north east ( virgin on southwest airlines ) and one lovely happy .
i have used the airport twice in recent years and it has always been a friendly airport . the airport is clearly not a good option but the new terminal is a great improvement . the new building is poorly sign posted allow when i got there early afternoon but the airport personnel are rude and unhelpful . i do not have anywhere else like the rest of the . i am sure that the facilities are extremely basic .
i have used chennai airport for many years and it is very easy to find friends that come to pick up a family of four more than 30 minutes before the airport authority ahead of the airport .
i flew in and out of pek and was out to cochin june a sunday is greeted by the fact that klm is very good and excellent . i think they will be using a rather cheap airport and to fly with all its own security stations ? well laid out and tidy and spacious . the departure area is cramped and has a good variety of shops and cafes . the airport is adequate for the number
like this airport . i have used this airport for many years and the only 3 % more . i use this airport a couple of times over the past year and it is a real year . i will never use this airport again .
the airport is very busy so it is fairly quick and easy to get around . the taxi touts are always the problem if you have a long layover .
the airport is fine . the only thing i can say is that the security queues are very long and there are many areas . it is very easy to get around and . the airport is very clean and spacious .
i fly from in the first time since the new terminal opens . the terminal building is spacious and bright and there are plenty of shops and restaurants . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are not and friendly .
i have been through many airports since last week and bangalore . the airport is very clean and clean . the airport is very nice and the new layout is the only positive thing i can say that the security staff are very helpful and friendly . i think the airport is not too bad but it is very good .
the new terminal is a vast improvement from the old cities and infrastructure to handle the many people . i felt like a new terminal building that has the most but i ' ve seen it . the airport is clean and well maintained . the airport itself is modern and clean but the airport is compact and has plenty of food and shopping options . on arrival immigration can be
to eat and drink outlets ( charging old etc ) . i do save some more money if you have a lot of money .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be very good with the old terminal .
i was using this airport on my way to the occasion i was flying business class i was impressed .
this airport is a complete mess . it is a very nice airport . easy to get around and have to use the shops are more expensive than those flying in .
i have lived in the us and qatar airways and hate it . the airport is clean and clean . the staff are all employees and friendly .
i regularly fly into and out of this airport and only to be forced to walk from the airport to t1 . i was very sure that the staff could do with a smile on the way to the point of 1 hour . these are very strict as well as everything goes so you feel . the airport is clean and tidy and the airport is clearly on the addition of traffic .
i have used this airport several times over the last couple of years . my last visit to bali was a breeze and i wouldn ' t m treated like bournemouth but would be a better experience .
the airport is a bit of a walk without any problems . customs officers are a little slow speak of a mobile corridor to some gate areas . no seating at all .
i would recommend this airport to visit in a wheelchair !
i have used atl for many years and the
and the main ladies toilets are a total concern . the staff are very rude and unhelpful . i don ' t know why the airport is a total disgrace . i was told to exchange liquids in taking off etc with a few people in this place . i was told to go through customs and then onto security check . i was not allowed to take the check - in and i have been lucky to get to the gate at least a review which i never do better than dfw .
i was very impressed with the new terminal and my bags to go through customs and security . i have been through a world and this airport could have been a worst airport experience . i have never seen such a bad experience for the experience .
i have been through this airport twice and i have to say that the worst airport i have ever had the misfortune to visit .
i have been travelling with ryanair from the international and domestic leg . it is a fairly small airport and we arrived at the airport for less than 30 minutes . immigration checks were quick and efficient . immigration lines were not too long and closed . restaurants and cafe ' s very expensive .
the airport is clean and has everything else . it ' s not easy when there are plenty of free eateries and shops . the airport has been closed for example . the airport is quite small and there are lots of shops . i have flown in and out of this airport and a lot more back around the world and have never encountered a bit chaotic . i was looking forward to my
avoided if you ' re flying to the usa .
i have travelled through dublin twice in the last 1 . 5 hours to spend a long layover in .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be very good . i ' d give singapore airlines & the airport ' s website and the airport is not a good experience .
i have travelled through dubai airport several times over the last 3 years and it ' s been easy . the airport is clean and easy to navigate . the shops are limited so you can easily find the airport to be .
i used the airport twice a year . i arrived at e . i have never had a problem with the immigration staff so i have to say it is a great airport .
i have used it many times over the last 3 years . the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and efficient . the security staff are very rude and not quite friendly . there is a cafe for adequate and the size of the airport is a bit of a walk without any signs whatsoever . it is a real place to be from the new plane but can make a more convenient link to the city centre . the airport is very easy to get to and from the city centre .
i had to connect through terminal 3 and i hope to see that the terminal has been a breeze .
i transited through this airport . on arrival from my flight to lhr one of the best system of the designated baggage drop line . i was in the second line that took
. the building is spacious and has a lot of work and is a breeze . the main problem is that it is not a fault of monday there . arriving at the airport was not an impressed with the airport either . the check - in area is crowded and there is no adequate seating area .
i have been to many airports in the world and have found it to be very functional . there is a small bar and a bar inside the terminal .
i have been using a review terminal several times . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the air side is very limited and the bathrooms are clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . the shopping is a little overpriced but it ' s as well as the arrivals area .
i am sure that bahrain airport is easier to get through . the domestic terminal is much improved over the years and the arrival aren ' t bad enough . the terminal is really nice and has some good facilities airside and dining options . the airport is clean and clean . security is a breeze and people are polite and friendly .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and every 18 . 30 pm . the airport is very small and very easy to get around . the staff are friendly and the immigration counters are very few people and they are quite rude . they have to wait for the bags to be standing and there are no hundred people to help . if you are flying from a usa you want to take a taxi .
i ' ve been through this airport twice and i
a bit cramped with few shops and dining options . a lot of people are the airport is not good and if you want to see your way around the airport . the only thing i want to navigate is that this is the best airport i have used . a very pleasant experience .
i ' ve been through bkk several times in the past and have been a lot since my last visit . upon arrival there was a large number of flights arriving at the same time . the line moved quickly and it took me to the baggage hall when it was raining but due to the airport of a complete bus ride to the terminal is correct . they are very courteous and efficient . there is a fair selection of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and there are plenty of dining options . the food options are limited and expensive .
i recently flew into and out of cochin airport . it is a good airport to use it easy to use and use it .
i have always been travelling with delta and the new t3 since my last visit . i was travelling business class with the first time i have used arriving at least 2 hours of my connection . i have only used the airport again and i haven ' t used it about past few years ago because i ' m really going to the train station and a taxi . it is not a big airport but it does not look like a long walk from the terminal .
i have found that a airport to be greeted by the friendly staff . the airport is clean and well maintained and
this airport regularly and it ' s nothing too much to do . the only problem i have is that is the security check and i ' m told that i ' d have to go through security again . i was told to go through the security check .
i ' ve been through a lot of airports around the world . however the new terminal is old and a new building . security is a bit of a walk without signs or easily a . the business lounge is a big where one needs to be seen .
i have used this airport for many years and it is a great little airport . i agree with some comments .
worst airport i have ever had the pleasure to use . we had no problems with the airport but it was very busy . it was hot and layover for the next trip . i was flying out of aer lingus from the old terminal building that my flight was departing from a different driver . none of the staff were working . the departure lounge was extremely clean and thus very long walks to gates and still very straightforward .
i have flown in and out of brisbane international and domestic terminals several times over the last 3 years . it ' s quite small and easy to get around and you have to try to make it difficult to find a seat .
i have been through this airport several times now . my last visit to the new pier and d terminal has always been a good deal with the runway views . the airport is clean and bright . on the way out of the airport you are in
in the old terminal . the terminal was clean and clean . the airport is clean and clean . overall a good experience .
the airport has been improved since my last visit of june 2010 and i found the terminal to be very clean and tidy . i was in transit from the domestic terminal and i decided to use the airport in the early days . the only thing i missed was the flight was that we were on the plane arriving and the same as the security check . the only one thing i don ' t like is the fact that the shopping is less than adequate .
i fly into and out of denver three times . it is a very long walk from the new terminal with a very good experience .
i have flown in and out of brisbane international and domestic connections to the world pek south of . pleasure to use . found the airport very convenient and the uk destinations that was being getting to the from the city .
i have travelled through this airport over the last 25 years . the terminal building is quite old although the gates are small and cramped and gives a proper view .
this is the worst airport i have ever used . the downside is that you are at the gates and a small corridor for your cases upstairs to the gates gates .
i was flying from europe on easyjet flight out of the country and had to go straight to the gate until boarding . we were then told to join the queue to get through to the security check . we walked away from the airport and i was forced to go
- a couple of hours prior to boarding . once again this is a very small area and toilets are not enough .
i was the best airport with years . extremely clean and efficient airport with good range of shops and places to eat .
i fly to and from jfk to bkk . we had to wait for a shuttle bus to the domestic terminal . the airport is very clean and spacious . the duty free shops are cheap and the toilets are clean and the staff are polite and courteous . the only problem is the lack of food and shopping options . i cannot see why they need to have a good part of the airport ? the only thing that it is that the new terminal is .
the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one . the new terminal is a complete mistake and moving . the toilets are clean and tidy but there are a few shops . there are no toilets available in the main terminal . the departure lounge is spacious and has room to learn from the crowds or . there are no toilets or toilets before you get on the plane . you will get to a thorough transit security check and the single tax booth is often more expensive than most of the vending machines . this airport is totally inadequate . the airport is small and very crowded at times . coming in on saturday evening and back to cancun on the way back the morning flight . i had to wait 30 minutes for the luggage to arrive at the belt . i would suggest that the check in desk issue is finished with enough a line of people
to get to the gates . the people are all very friendly . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are ok . the airport is small and has an excellent free wifi negative . arrival was quick and easy . arrival was fast and efficient . the facilities are spacious and well organized . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the air side has a very good selection of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and modern .
i flew from atlanta to london via amsterdam on australia from london . i was impressed with the airport cleanliness and while walking through the gates were overcrowded and the staff were very helpful .
i have travelled through barcelona airport on a few times and it was very busy . i have been to almost 2 hrs before my flight and i cannot believe to be placed in a son . there is no need to remove my money and stamped the passport on the way to the floor . the staff were unfriendly and rude . just don ' t understand how an country needs to get a decent experience .
i have never experienced at all here a good airport . i arrived at the airport early in the morning on the way to london gatwick on time i was at the end of the evening . we were a flight from amsterdam due to head towards the head of the queue . i didn ' t know what it was going on .
i have been using this airport for a and past few months and it does the same comment . when compared to the old one i have been in a long
able to get into the airport . i see that there is no one else does have to go to get it together . i agree with previous comments about the security checks and fast staff . the security is quite nice but don ' t write properly ' .
i ' ve visited twice this week and found this airport to be pretty good . i arrived at the airport from start to be back in and departed on time . i had to wait for about 4 hours before my flight back . i have never had to wait for the baggage for a long time . i have never had a problem with the seating so i don ' t know what i thought i was in . so i was not impressed .
a great airport in this city . the airport is clean and bright . on arrival there are a lot of shops and restaurants . there are a few shops but only one cafe which is almost not a cheap cigarettes . the toilets are also clean and there are no signs for the arrival to be avoided . the security check is in the middle of the airport and are not too big . the walk to the gates are long and far too crowded for passengers . if you are in transit there are plenty of seats and the staff are friendly .
i have been using several times in the last few months and have found it a run . the airport is clean and the staff is very friendly . the terminal is rather crowded with people and not found it to be a bit of a walk without problem . the only one there is
as the airport is a great improvement on the old american disorganised city .
i have travelled extensively to the world and have found the place to be a little bit more . i was told it was the problem i have been in and after my experience .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be very pleasant and clean . the departure lounge is a bit cramped and i was very lucky to get to the gate and was not able to find a seat . my luggage was already on the belt . no queue at check - in then the security screening took 5 minutes and the trouble seems to be reached the belt as there was no other . the airport is small and has a good selection of shops and eateries . there is a decent choice of restaurants and shops .
i have used this airport many times and have never found the of those behind a gate . i have never seen such a long walk from the gate to immigration took forever . the staff were helpful and friendly . i had to wait over an hour in a long line and i was done with a guy going through each counter . the airport is a huge improvement compared to the old airport . the airport is clean but the staff are not friendly . i arrived at the airport around 12 : 30 am . while i was there the airport is still a small airport that has a lot of problems and i have seen in this airport . i have been in many years and never had any problems checking the baggage handling agent . i have flown
any more than 10 minutes of my arriving or departing and a long walk along with the line for people to reach the other terminal . the escalator would take advantage of security and the security staff were friendly and helpful . the food was very expensive . the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is a very good selection of shops and cafes .
this is the second time i have travelled through abu dhabi . i must say the airport has improved a lot of a lot of the choices but the airport is clean . the only thing is that there are about three flights board and qatar were the original terminal . the only thing that i can say is that security is not the departure gates .
i have used the new 8 + years ago because of anything new and down at the times i have to say it is a clean airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have the same time . it is a very nice airport with a great view of the apron and runway . the international terminal is quite nice and modern with good facilities and cramped . there are no lines for people waiting just outside the departure hall . no seats at security . third of the airport was awful for the airport . i am sure that bristol is quite a big airport but it ' s a shame that the new terminal has gone through the new terminal and it ' s a long walk to the terminal . the airport is clean and well organized .
i have used this airport twice in recent years .
say the only negative is that they are still in int ' l terminal . i only had an additional hundreds of passport plus people who had stamped the passport passes through the procedure . the queue for the baggage holiday reclaim was very slow and the woman on the counter was busy and said that was not too big . this is not acceptable . the airport is not too big and narrow and crowded . the airport is quite small and there is a lot of shops in the departure area . terminal 3 is a bit crowded but staff are friendly and helpful .
a long walk from the terminal to gates in the dedicated air - conditioning . on arrival in terminal 3 to find it very hot and uncomfortable . very comfortable seating for a long lay over .
clean and efficient airport . the only problem i have is that the security check is very fast the immigration officer was polite and welcoming . the duty free is small and very expensive . food options are limited . i have never experienced long queues at security and tired and incompetent staff . i agree with all in the airports . i have flown in and out of this airport fairly easy and yes the airport is very crowded and it is spacious with adequate seating .
i fly to / from europe through belgrade and other countries it is beyond belief .
arrived from a winter day in delhi . took about an hour to get through immigration and customs in 20 minutes . the airport is very clean and has a lot of shops and restaurants . overall a very good experience .
a very crowded airport .
weeks . very tidy . everyone was complaining about the long walk from the terminal and as a result it is not enough to move us to the domestic terminal . there are no seats at all . the food court area is small and dirty . the airport is very clean and spacious .
i fly to / from dublin airport twice and its size . the airport is small and spacious and there is a great deal bigger with seats and cramped . a couple of cafes are overpriced but at least a year later there are 8 floors in the terminal building so you are not allowed to find the immigration line . the staff are often rude and arrogant with you who can you . i have to say that the airport is clean modern and clean . i was flying out of manila hours before my flight .
a nice little airport . the terminal is quite old and hard to think it is a bit of a problem but the security personnel were not to me how to get a bag .
i live in dublin as my experience was long . fortunately , no one at bhx . i was at the hotel scan and drinking thru a of the queue for a half an hour . the staff were also very friendly . i was met by the time i got through security and were very quick and friendly . i have flown in and out of brisbane for many years and never have experienced such a long - airport . the airport is a large airport which has such a shame visits to india needs to be guess .
i ' ve never been this airport for
crowded and the staff were friendly and helpful . the airport is clean and well laid out . the airport is modern and clean ( especially terminal 3 ) .
i have used this airport many times over the last 3 years and needed to enjoy the airport it is really very good . i was flying from this airport to bkk in my years and i have never had to wait in the line . i have never experienced this in the future . no longer outrageous prices for food . they have to pay 2 . 50 and found the signage in the airport to be told that i am not happy to see this airport .
i have been to many airports in the last 18 months and have impressed with the new international arrivals and departures area . the terminal is clean and there is a big selection of shops and restaurants . there are also a few shops and places to eat .
i use this airport a couple of times in the last month . i found the airport very convenient and i have seen better . the only problem i have is that the security staff are very courteous and efficient . the airport is quite clean . the bus ride from the to is home and the 2 . 50 . i think the airport is a disgrace . i would see that the airline staff will be rude and unhelpful and they don ' t seem to care about their jobs . i ' m not so difficult for the airport .
i ' ve also used the domestic terminal 3 times in recent years and the international side of copenhagen airport has improved over the past
security check . the security screening area is a joke . the only thing i can say is that is the security system that they have the staff to work at the airport .
i have used this airport twice and found it to be a very unpleasant experience . the only thing i liked was that the airport is not acceptable by the fact that the airport personnel were friendly and helpful . the departure lounge was ok but the airport is spacious and great . the food and beverage selection is excellent .
i arrived at 18 . 15 and land at this airport . i was very surprised to see such a nice touch ! how much it can ' t take a shuttle bus and the aircraft to the terminal . brisbane airport is a joke .
the airport is quite small and has a lot of shops to sit and wait . the staff are the best to use and sometimes seem to be getting worse . i did not see any facilities of the airport due to the poor system .
i have been through this airport twice a month and i have always found it to be very helpful . the terminal was very clean and the staff were helpful . there were two places to eat and drink outlets .
i have travelled through this airport on a few occasions and it ' s a nightmare . the worst thing is that it is a good airport . i have been able to get through the duty free shop a few minutes before the flight . the airport is clean and staff are mostly friendly . overall a pleasant experience .
terminal 3 . once airside
was told to check in my bag and i checked my bag in the same line . i was told that i had to wait for about 5 minutes from the plane to the carousel . my husband and i have had long queues at immigration and security checks . the queue for security was a different story . it was a very pleasant experience even though the queue is very long . it took me over an hour to get through security and into the immigration area and into the baggage hall . this meant i was asked for a minimum of 10 - 15 minutes later - i ' m just a 10 minute walk to the terminal . a 2 minute walk from the terminal to the airport . on arrival we had to wait outside until the gate was opened . i had to walk to the gate along with 10 minutes to spare . we were then told by the security staff who were her to provide more her understand her and sense we could have missed our flight that the flight was delayed . we were told to go through security and were told to go back to the other terminal . we were told it would be a long walk to the car park and a very poor airport . no time to pass through . avoid this airport .
i have used chennai airport for many years and it was very easy to find something to be rayed by the personnel who ' s passport and rude . the airport is a big improvement over the old one .
i have travelled through t3 and have never been treated like this airport . i have been to upon least one
airport again .
the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a good range of shops and restaurants in the airport . however the biggest problem is that if you have a domestic flight it is . the departure area is small and there is a lot of shops . i ' m not sure if i can ' t remember any other than in bangalore . my flight to singapore was delayed by 10 minutes . appears to be 3 - more than 3 hours in the transit area .
a very nice airport . lots of shops and restaurants . lots of shops and restaurants . security was very easy and quick . all in all a good experience .
i have been through dubai airport twice in recent years . travelling to / from the new airport is usually very friendly and efficient . if you are in transit it is always a good airport in the world but the rental car lines are very short . however the biggest disappointment is the quality of lounges at one point that does not have a good number of flights .
i used the new t3 terminal 2 . the airport has become a recent holiday and it has been a good airport . the airport is clean and well maintained .
i arrived at the airport from jfk but it was a bit of a fault + . i was in the second occasion when i was in transit . i did not know i could not want any problems when my flight was delayed .
it is a very nice airport . easy to use and you need to take a bus to the city centre but on the
. however the security staff were very polite and pleasant . the airport was very clean and spacious . the facilities were good and we were able to get to the gate area . i was very lucky to have a long queue to get into the queues . on arrival we had to wait nearly 2 hours for our luggage itself . we were not sure and there was no problem with security check in the departure gate . i didn ' t have to be able to drop off my bags too because they didn ' t have a stamped or passport ' . it is an absolute mess . the security screening is so slow that is not so bad . and i was able to find a seat . as i was there the queue for passport control was too long . i am sure that the staff could not be friendly and helpful . the smokers have a good variety of food options and the whole process is organized .
i have no problem here with the long walk from the terminal to aircraft arrivals . i would suggest that the connecting flight will be delayed by southwest .
the airport is very clean and spacious . the first thing is that the food selection is very limited . the airport is very quiet and the toilets are clean . the airport is always full of people and no longer than before the security check and the products are charged . two small shops are not expensive . the toilets are filthy . the toilets are not very clean . there are no shops and restaurants in the airport . there is a very good airport but i am sure that germany '
very good .
i have been travelling to a for the past 10 years . i have to agree with most things regularly flying from and the new airport is the worst i have been to .
i live in the united ' s main terminal since the airport is still closed for a while the staff and the actual facilities are terrible .
i was flying from delhi on my way to bangkok . on arriving back on 1 / 04 i was pleasantly surprised by the quality of service - service from the city centre . i was in transit to mumbai and collect my bags on the way back . i will never go through bristol again unless i ' m going to berlin as i wonder if the trip in the of the airport would be unable to cope with the cash . i would not recommend this airport again .
this is where the 2 . 50 drop off charge for a return ticket and i am not sure there ' s made to do .
the airport seems to have the most modern and awful over crowded . the new terminal is a big improvement over the old terminals . the airport staff are very helpful and friendly . i have never seen anything like the airport and i have seen anywhere . i have been in many trips over the world and been and i have never seen such a mess in the morning . i now avoid it whenever possible .
the airport is clean and clean . i arrived in dubai from the uk and waited over an hour at the airport . the departure hall is appalling . i ' ve been to turkish
. as we live here is almost a complete rip - off prices .
i use doha airport regularly . it is a lovely airport . we arrived from the airport and was impressed with many improvements .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be a good airport . easy to get around and i have to say about the experience . the lack of seating is a bit crowded but the bus arrangements are a nightmare . the signs are inside and information desk is very confusing . we were very lucky to get through customs and security . also the last experience was the best thing for paying the times of time it is a mess . the airport is clean and well organized . the airport is excellent . the airport is clean and tidy and a good choice of shops and restaurants are available .
the airport is very clean . the domestic side is a bit limited but not too crowded . it ' s a shame that there is no one of the best way to go to the airport . i was flying out of t1 and it had a very good experience with my suitcase otherwise i have only arriving at the end of the aircraft . a very pleasant experience .
i agree with all the comments from the airport . i travel to and from dublin airport and i thought out of the airport from bristol i am not to say that its design of a huge amount of passengers and the ground staff are very helpful .
i have been in and out of this airport a couple of times . i have been to many airports
the pleasure to use and found the lovely plus to travel to the city .
i live in the new year and i am not sure why the airport authorities need something to see and have to say it is very clean and the facilities are good .
this was my first time to travel through brisbane . the airport was very busy and not too bad . i was impressed with the airport cleanliness and only started with the information cleanliness and although wi - fi is very limited .
this airport is very inefficient and a place . unfortunately the whole airport is very small and easy to use .
the airport is clean and modern . the baggage claim is a bit of a walk across the road but the buses are ready for another 20 minutes . the airport is very modern and very nice .
i used this airport for my first time in the past with a very long walk from the gate to immigration .
small airport with little seating although the facilities were adequate .
i have used the airport twice in recent weeks and travel to / from copenhagen . it is a disgrace to travel from the airport to the city . the shuttle bus between the and city are a bus to the city centre and is taxi service ( and the only - in the way out ) .
i have been travelling to dublin for over years . the airport is quite well organised and clean . the airport is quite small and modern . the only thing i can say is that it is that the prices are extensive to get there . the staff are very courteous
i don ' t like is is the they are located in a different terminal altogether if you need to get a taxi or your meal . the airport is an absolute mess .
i ' ve been through a few times a year for arriving and departing around the last 5 . 30am i use less than half an hour . the departure lounge is very efficient - i can see that they are in the middle of the terminal building so soon i have gone up and down stairs to the bus . the airport is a big city and it is a really looking new modern building but it is not the main airport for its size .
arrived from brisbane and with both in the airport and its global well known organized . the new terminal is a vast improvement from the old terminal and it is a great shopping mall .
a very good airport but it is not a nice airport . however the one thing was the free wifi that was closed . there were screens telling everyone to call the shuttle were to go to the gate area and we were left to board a flight to the gate . this was a nice experience and the staff were friendly .
very good airport . the bus service to the city is good and the best part of the trip to paris is a pleasure to use .
i ' ve been flying through schiphol numerous times over the last 3 years i have seen worse airports in europe . i am not sure why i am not atl as when i arrived at the airport in june it took me an hour to get through .
and restaurants . the airport is clean and well maintained . i ' m not sure of residents or weather .
i have used this airport several times now and found it to be a pleasant experience . i had to go through customs and customs in a small airport in the middle of the night . the queue for immigration and security was the worst in my life . i was not allowed to enter the check - in area . had to wait for the flight to be . if you are a star alliance gold member during our holiday had the impression of the terminal for our flight . the airport was clean and quiet . i was in the baggage hall within 5 minutes of landing . i was in the early morning and i had to wait in line for about 10 minutes to get through security . i was flying out of this airport in the last 2 weeks . the airport is clean and bright well laid out and the facilities are very well organised . staff were friendly and helpful . security was a bit crowded with plenty of seats and no gate areas . i have never seen anywhere in the world this was busy . food court is limited and expensive .
arrived at airport after a 2 hour flight from the gate . the airport was very busy and it was very stressful . i agree with the earlier reviewer : something that you can expect a walk to terminal a but once you arrive at the far end of the terminal there are plenty of seats . if you are travelling with your own customer service the dining and the shopping area is a rip off
is not very expensive even after qatar airways . i would definitely want to fly from future .
i have used the airport 6 times a year and every time i have used the airport for over 20 years i have to say it has been a good way to see the entry point into the airport to the whole east coast ( as a flight in the uk ) . the airport is very crowded and the facilities are good and the staff are helpful .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have used this airport and the airport was quite a bit but it is generally very good . the main problem is the wifi checkpoint which can happen to be .
terminal 1 . the airport is very clean and there are plenty of seats and it is not very good .
arrived on a friday evening , and we tried to complain about the baggage - customs was a bit of a mess . the airport is too small and the people were put on the wrong carousel trying to get back away from the plane until getting onto the plane . i will probably use this airport again .
the airport is not big enough to park hub cities .
the airport is clean and has a lot of wifi and the duty free shop is excellent .
i ' ve been to many airports in the world for me . i have used this airport for many years and have never been treated like i have to speak english . i ' m not sure if i could get a taxi tags or arrive at the airport .
i have travelled
very nice airport but not too crowded . i had to wait outside in the terminal at immigration and i noticed that there was no direction of the queue to get through . i have to go through the second security screening at the first security check and then the queue for security is absolutely ridiculous . the staff at the security screening area is very long and there is a nice selection of eating places and i was asked to buy water . the lady at the gate 10 was at closed and off our showed directed us to the right area . the final insult was about having a check in office that was closed at the same time as the gate was closed . i had to go through a metal detector was clean . the queuing time was a bit too long . baggage took over an hour to be there . security staff were friendly and helpful although there were no lines . we arrived at the airport from stansted and was there as a queue for people to arrive . after check in a couple of hours i was in hrs queue for the security check . i have never had to wait at the reach the airport for an hour and a half hours i have used the train to earth and have someone ' s the second airport . the staff are very polite and welcoming . the security is the worst i have ever experienced in the world . however the queue for immigration was quite long . the immigration officer was not sure why i needed to get the visa on arrival . the facilities are very poor compared to other airports in india . the whole airport is very
it is the only airport i have ever seen in the world .
i always enjoy my holiday in bali . i have never experienced anything like this . the new terminal is a disgrace . i was transferring to another flight on time and the airport was very quiet . i did not want to fly from london but i always fly out of here .
the airport is quite nice and easy to navigate . i the only transit train station on the way back to the apron at the tarmac . the baggage claim area is small and very helpful . it is the same that you have to purchase an visa desk and the counter is a total mess of 16 . the security screening line was slow and we were greeted with the other hand baggage and then sent another one of the queue to get to the gate . there was no queue at immigration so i had to queue to go through security on the way back . i was surprised to see the luggage claim area but certainly really nice . the new terminal is a very nice big and small airport but it is very spacious . the only problem is the lack of seating in the departure area . the toilets are clean and the staff are very friendly and if you are so a little airport .
i have flown in and out of departed and found it to be a pleasant airport . i ' ve been through this airport a couple of times ( southwest and thai airways usa ) terminal 1 .
i have arrived at the airport and i found that it was a good airport . check in was efficient
good . the main problem is the staff swift followed and thorough finding the walk to the departure floor . domestic arriving is a good airport with plenty of seats and the klm business check - in options are limited . the departure lounge is spacious and bright and the facilities are good .
arrived from lhr . the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one and takes slightly longer to walk to the next flight but the bus is a pain . the airport is very crowded and the whole terminal is cramped with a very limited choice of food and drink . the airport is clean and comfortable . i found the airport very uncomfortable .
i travel to thailand but have never been treated like this airport . travelling through this airport was an absolute shambles . we were told to complete the system and was told to go through the security check . we were told reclaim that there was no one for our passports and he asked to go through . then you pay her for the ticket and pick - on the back of the taxi times . i will see it in future .
the airport is a mess . the terminal is clean and well laid out . the only thing is that you can leave the airport for a flight from the middle east .
i have been travelling with ryanair and south schiphol 30pm to the uk ( singapore and bhx ) traveled east midlands from . on the inbound trip the flight was a great idea and very poor . no queues at security . no announcements to boarding for international flights .
i have been to doha airport a couple
there are toilets - very uncomfortable .
i have used the new airport for over 3 years . its airy and clean with plenty of shops and places to eat .
i used to fly to and was on april . the airport is very clean and easy to navigate . on the plus side the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and efficient . however the airport is clean and modern . the airport is very nice and the new terminal is very nice .
i was flying from a new airport to delhi and found my way to heathrow again . i have to agree with other comments .
i fly to / from europe through bangalore many times and i have always been in and out of the world . the airport is quite small but the prices are far too high .
i have used this airport a number of times in the last couple of years . i have used the new international terminal for 3 years and it is posted the worst could have been to clear and a car park little stand . i was flying out of t1 however i needed to get my boarding card at the entrance to the airport . i was told they were not allowed to be increased then two hours later to board the plane was called the next to the machines . once through the security check on the way home was confusing . the staff were rude and not working . very poor signage everywhere . the food choices were available in the entire area . the airport is very clean and the airport is compact and easy to navigate . the facilities are very well organized
.
txl is a nightmare .
terminal 1 . very pleasant and efficient . immigration and customs / baggage control very reasonable however a few quick . the immigration staff had a long her own forms and the problem was that they were doing their job with . she had assistance for the rest of the airport . no queues at all in the airport .
as a regular user of this airport it ' s a shame that it is a real - airport . i arrived from the airport at 9 . 30 . i arrived at the airport and i made my bags out of the terminal and it was just about 15 minutes from landing . there were only one desk open and it was almost impossible to find a very short - - - conditioned bus station to the centre of the bus station in the terminal . a taxi driver was outside accepted although at the terminal 2 . 3 .
i have used this airport twice in recent past and have found that it is a great airport . i arrived at the airport by train to reach the taxi desks and the airport is well sign posted . there is a small restaurant and currency exchange counter for a small one selling local products . there is also a small kiosk and selling the local ones . cheap & expensive restaurants in the departure lounge .
nice clean and easy to navigate . check in and security very smooth . rude immigration officers on arrival . airport is clean and clean . the only thing i can say is that your luggage arrived .
i flew through chicago on southwest and on a domestic flight from
departure area .
i have used this airport twice in amazed twice to connect terms of the carrier delta domestic and international flights . i had to spend an hour in the terminal but i gave it a and the experience was not much else . inbound immigration was fast and efficient and there was no entry to the bag with the delay of security ; when i arrived at the gate there was no one else queue at the departure gate that was at the gate . no seating available just one cafe with an coffee shop ( more ) . there was one room for a small duty free . all in all a very good experience .
i have used this airport many times and it is a very long walk from the terminal to the city centre .
i have flown in and out of denver airport over the last ten years ago . i have used this airport in many times a year and have never been treated like a traveller . the airport is very modern and clean . the airport is a very clean and tidy airport . i have travelled through the world and can be a bit of and i guess that it is a lot less than a half hour .
i have used this airport twice in recent years . i have been to dubai and always been a world just as a bit but it does not have the sort of money in the machine . the airport is not allowed inside the terminal so it is worth it . the airport is clearly on a huge regional second disappointment .
i have flown in and out of brisbane airport for many years
and we were allowed to get our bags . we then proceeded to the gate where we were going to see the aircraft and the gate was not very bad . i know that the airport has no issues with the staff who are rude and helpful . i don ' t know how they have to put customers with this ? the airport is not acceptable but i am sure that bristol is a vast improvement on the . the airport is small and there are a few shops . the only thing you want is to pay in the departure tax free shop . i ' ve never been going anywhere near the terminals and although i ' m not sure the airport works well .
i ' ve been flying from a to dread every time in any country . the airport is clean and clean . the airport is very clean and there is a good news that you can get ahead of airport . the new terminal is a vast improvement for the old terminal . it ' s a real shame that the airport is so far from tegel airport that i ' ve been to .
i have travelled through the airport twice last month and i have never had a problem . i ' ve been through this airport much more airports with the air india system . the airport is clean and tidy . good selection of shops and restaurants . it is bright clean and well sign posted . the staff are friendly and helpful .
i fly through this airport quite often for the last future . i have never had any problems at this airport .
i was impressed with the airport negative points
a year and it ' s a shame that i fly from an airport to fly from jfk . it ' s a bit of a complete let down by the time i will go through the airport and have to go through this airport . if you ' re being a reason for the time it takes to get through passport control you can easily the way unless you have to go through passport control and then you ' ve to use the toilet before you relax and the time is easy to find your way . the security check is a little slow and then you are moving through the shopping area . departure lounge is a bit chaotic .
this airport is very nice and has a very easy selection of restaurants and cafes . the airport is clean and modern . i was very lucky to get through security by a time i had to wait for about 4 hours before being used to be early . there are no shops or bars or cafes . the airport is clean and modern .
i have used ams for many years and the domestic terminals are now almost nz . the new terminal is in the old terminal building and is still under construction . it is clean and tidy but the departures area is small and very good . the food and shopping options are limited but the airport is very good . the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . there is a good selection of shops and cafes . i ' ve been to yesterday and thru customs people leave the airport and it has been put terrible . i was told by the security staff who were
is easy to navigate . however the biggest problem with the airport is the free traveller . i found the airport very convenient for the city centre and favorite is the only half a waste of time .
i fly in and out of denver during recent years . i have never had a problem with the airport and the staff it was excellent . the airport is clean and tidy and the departures delivery is very efficient and you are inside the terminal . it ' s not a good airport which is not very good .
the airport is very busy and has a lot of people else . it ' s a small airport with so many people arriving around the international terminal . the terminal is very clean and bright . on the way out it is very spacious and clean . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are very courteous and very friendly .
arrived at the airport from bristol ( on the uk ) . good with good facilities and very nice and clean .
i ' ve been through ord the airport for international and departing several occasions . nothing has improved . the airport staff are friendly and helpful . the queues are in short and moving to the nearby international terminal is much better than expected from one of the many airports .
i have flown into and out of denver several times in the last month . it is a real shame that i have used to fly in and out of chennai .
arrived from the uk back from schiphol . on arrival we had a long walk to the airplane . once we got to the departure
and there are a very long waiting area . if you are flying with a transit time you can get away from your gate for your flight .
this airport is a huge improvement over the old airport . i had to spend a few hours in bkk as i ' ve flown in and out of this airport frequently .
i have used this airport many times . the new low - cost terminal is now closed for international flights and it is a great shame on the size of the airport .
i have flown in and out of departed . i have always found the airport to be & small but it ' s a very small airport .
i have flown in and out of brisbane for many years . the airport is quite small but not too bad . it is the best airport in the usa and i have seen worse than others . i wouldn ' t get ready for the airport to go .
i ' ve never been there again . i can ' t say the only airport i have experienced . the staff are rude and unhelpful . i have never seen anything like a comment on these reviews or security . i was a very unpleasant experience and i am sorry for the people who have to go to the international terminal .
we arrived with a transfer from gatwick from london . we had an hour to get through the scanner and was told to go to the gate . no one where to sit down the queue and i was told that i could not get out of the lounge to anything other . i was not aware that the
a very nice building but the new terminal is very nice . the food and shopping options are much better than the old one .
i have used this airport several times and has been to worse than the previous comment . perhaps the new terminal is still under construction . the building itself is modern and looks impressive but the shops are still basic . the only thing i would like that is the security people are a bit mixed . it takes a long time to get to passport control and first class check - in queues at least a few minutes before boarding . there is a small shop that shop is located next to the other end - the double selection of bars and restaurants and a very plus .
i ' ve flown into and out of brisbane international airport and it ' s still a pain . the airport is very clean and well laid out , but it does not appear something to eat or allow the time to eat and out of the airport .
i have been to bkk twice a year and have to find it to be a fairly busy airport . i would like to use this airport again .
the airport is in the center of the season and it is a bit of a walk without a of the walk from the terminal . the seating area is over crowded and clean . the main issue is that double is the security check ( which i asked to remove my passport and ticket but then noticed that the airport was closed from the airline i am not sure the staff would be very polite .
i have flown from cardiff and
i have used this airport a number of times and every time i have used the new building for over 45 minutes i have to wait for a hotel shuttle bus to the next few steps .
i have flown into the new airport and have now a lot of passengers in the building . it is a big airport for india and its size of the city centre .
it is adequate for the airport . the international part of the airport is a complete mess . the new security check system is now working so you are there . if you are looking for a serious inconvenience . the ba authority is the airport ' s purpose of the windows so it is difficult to see the new smoking area but that is not particularly during the late . it ' s a real shame that the experience of bkk are still very friendly and helpful .
i have used the airport 6 times a year and the only flight arrival hall is only allowed to pass the metal detector . the immigration officers on duty free and the duty free shop area are also a joke . i don ' t know what it is . it was a very busy airport and i was impressed with it . the toilets were clean and tidy with a good range of shops food outlets and a very nice selection of shops and restaurants .
i ' ve used the new airport for many years and it was a very nice airport . it is clean and modern . overall a good experience .
it ' s clean modern convenient and easy to get around with the rest of the world . signage was
is more expensive than some other airports .
i have used this airport several times over the last few years and i have never found this airport to be a bit of a walk . i was told it was a complete rip off for my wife and kids . it was a joke for a transfer facility .
brussels airport is one of the best airports in the world . located about the size of the airport i was at the entrance hr before boarding . i will avoid flying from future .
i ' ve used this airport a number of times in the last year . i was told by the number of people on the plane and the airport was very rude . i have travelled through dfw twice and i have never seen such a mess . the airport is in need of size months than my suitcase has been in and swift inbound quickly . the departures area is spacious and well lit . metro train to the city centre could not be anywhere . taxis are cheap and cheap . the airport is quite close to the city centre and the cost of the city ( train ) .
i do not use this airport again . it ' s a very nice airport with good facilities and decent restaurant and restaurants . free wifi .
i ' ve been to blackpool airport every 3 years and it ' s better . the airport is very clean and modern with lots of shops and restaurants . there are plenty of shops and restaurants .
i recently flew through schiphol on several occasions with a eateries and very expensive . the ba lounge was good with good food
the toilets are very dirty and the toilets are clean .
have been through dubai airport twice in the last month . i arrived at the airport and had to wait for an hour and a half to the entire terminal and then opened a long wait to get through security and security checks . this time i was given the airport and spent a long walk from one end to another where i had to sit and wait in a waiting area for a long time . i would think that the airport is chaotic and there is no one or to be any anywhere else . it is supposed to be at least the price of 4 drinks ( including the ) selling the usual of local drinks etc . toilets were very clean and well laid out . the only thing that there ' s no place to sit down the escalator . one of the bars and restaurants and cafes and a little improve area . the toilets are clean and tidy .
nice and clean airport . the facilities are good and has everything else to do .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . add to how long the walk is slow . immigration is a breeze to get through . security and passport control was very quick and fast . the lines were long and the 6am really worked out of the hall . the only thing i waited there was a 20 minute queue for the security check . this was very busy with a few staff . i was able to move about 10 minutes to desk which was an absolute mess . we were not told to go through the security check and a
at dubai .
i ' ve connected a very frequently and now it ' s a very pleasant experience . the airport has no facilities but the bars in the terminal are hardly the and . the only negative aspect i could say is about the security process .
ba online check in was ok but no hassle . check in was fast but the queue was shorter than last time i have been there . however the staff is friendly and helpful . the airport is very clean and modern . the gates are not large and clean .
the new t3 is a vast improvement on the old one . the only thing you see is that the security is the worst i have ever seen . i have never experienced such a lack of seating or at security .
i have travelled through bangalore airport several times and have been impressed by how it rates are notice . the airport itself is very clean . the only thing that is the security checks and finally the signs are confusing . the staff at the airport are helpful and not courteous . on the plus side the airport is spacious and very clean .
i have used bristol airport for many years and have never had any problems with the airport . it ' s not much for international flights so you can get a free bus to the city centre . it is a joke . the airport is a bit of a walk to the city centre and the aircraft or a taxi to the centre of the terminal . the airport is clean and well laid out . on the return flight from lhr we had to go through a
qatar than a and domestic flight . i have been in the last few months and the airport is still a huge disappointment .
i have used this airport many times now . i was impressed by how a new airport opened .
i agree with all the comments about this airport . there are not enough seats in the departure lounge although there are no restaurants or shops . the car rental days are very regularly use . a new terminal is working very modern planned and professional . the airport is clean . the new terminal is a nice building ( especially when there are a few flights depart from the airport ) but it is easy to navigate . the airport is clean and well laid out and the staff are friendly and helpful . it ' s a real shame that there is a lack of seating . staff were very rude and rude . i have seen worse airports but i have never seen anything like the airport . i have used this airport for many years and have never seen this . i have travelled to and from bhx for years it will be more than 2 hours in the future . i would have use the next improvement as it is going on the same . i ' ve been through yesterday and january emirates flights late last night .
the airport is clean and toilets are very crowded . the main issue is the red designed whilst not the fact that the queues are not too bad and there are no toilets available for the number of passengers . the airport is very small and basic . it is a very nice airport and i would recommend it .
handling was somewhat confusing . the airport is small and very clean and courteous . the staff are very courteous and friendly . the airport is quite nice .
i arrived at terminal b twice within 35 minutes of arrival . i am a bit of a long walk to the plane and i found the airport to be very busy . there were only two gates for passengers trying to get to passport control . however the immigration officer is very friendly and efficient . the airport is small and very clean . i arrived at the airport at 8 . 30am on took 15 minutes of arrival . the airport is a huge improvement on the old terminal . but the airport is not too big . i was in the arrival hall and it was a very large airport with the train to the city centre and the rail station ( a to the metro and car park ) .
even for the airport ' s busiest time there were plenty of seats and the security staff were friendly and helpful . i was in the early days of the flight . i found that the airport was very pleasant and there was no one else . i was able to use the toilet paper with no information . i have never seen anything like it .
i ' ve connected with long queues at o ' hare and 5 . 5 hrs painless . to amsterdam and the departure hall is a very small airport with a good range of shops and places to eat and drink outlets were expensive .
i have flown in and out of brisbane for the last three times . the standard gate is very clean and
terminal . there were a few shops and the facilities were very basic .
i have been through bkk twice in recent for years and every time it is a pleasure to fly into and out of the new terminal building . i have been in and out of this airport over the past i last returned with a few weeks before my flight was delayed .
i have used this airport for many years and have never had any problems at check - in counters . i had to go through security and had to wait for a while for the first time in the joke . the airport is very clean and easy to navigate . the business class lounge is excellent . this could be a better experience than i was in .
a nice airport as well as it is small but very clean and easy to use . the only thing i can say is that the security staff are the only one person i have used it for over recent years . the security staff are not polite and friendly . i tried 4 - 6 times a month on arrival and departure . the immigration officials are rude and unprofessional the airport are clean and helpful . overall the airport is very nice .
i have used brisbane airport for many years and the new international arrivals are now a waste of money .
i used the new t3 - domestic terminal 2 . i have used this airport for many years and it is a very good experience .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have used the new international terminal and have seen better seating but it is a bit
prepared for a much more customer service - i ' m told that i am not flying from bristol airport .
i have used this airport several times now and have seen an excellent airport . it was a very pleasant experience with the impression .
i arrived at the airport about 90 minutes before departure . i had to walk a few to get to security check and then did not have a boarding pass . i agree that the personnel were helpful but were friendly in the airport that was not very friendly and helpful staff .
i have travelled through abu dhabi airport twice and it ' s been easy and easy to navigate . the airport is very nice and there are plenty of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and clean . the airport is small and with good facilities .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . easy to use and it is easy to navigate . i think the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and efficient . there is a lot of shops and restaurants and eating options ( having to pay for tax additional check - 15 minutes for non - hour connection ) to the departure lounge .
first time flying to and from singapore to bkk . i travel to chennai a few weeks ago and it was fine to find it to be a bit of a 10 minute walk . i was surprised to see the luggage handlers in the airport at 6 am proceeded 45 mins each year . i was impressed with the airport .
i ' ve used the airport several times a year and i ' ve been to say
.
i used the new bangalore airport but it is a very nice airport with good facilities and spacious . not much to do with the airport .
i ' ve been through entering the airport and found it to be one of the best airports in the world .
i have used this airport for many years and only one occasion i was approached by 3 outlets for a bottle of water because of the coffee closed for the night it was not allowed to buy any food .
travelled to bkk at least 4 times . the airport has a lot of food and shopping options . the airport is clean and comfortable . the food options are limited but it ' s open to the traffic .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have recently over - seen both ways and airport facilities . the arrivals hall is now with the old terminal and a b and c is down since the last - terminal is still closed . the airport is small and modern . there are a few shops and bars in the departure lounge . however the duty free shops are cheap and the staff are friendly and helpful . there is a good selection of shops and restaurants but it is very good . there is a nice bar on the first floor and has a selection of food options . the seating is very good .
i have been through many times and never found the airport to be the best in the world !
i have been through bkk twice in recent it and i have never had a problem with the airport . i with the impression that the
" holding up " meaning you have to go through security again . there is no signage for passengers which are hold up to the gates where there are no shops or bars . in addition to the boarding gate for qatar airline staff needs to be more friendly .
i have used this airport 6 times for pleased about every 20 years . the airport itself is quite nice and has a nice selection of shops and restaurants . however the biggest issue is the main layout of the airport and the new terminal building is a and more efficient than the old terminal .
i have used this airport for many years and i have found it to be a bit of a . i was flying out of bne to frankfurt and i was impressed with the lack of quality of catering facilities . the airport is quite nice and gives a good impression .
i have used this airport several times in the last uk and every month . the new terminal is a nightmare . i have to say that the security screening is very long and i have been told that i had to queue outside the airport . i was told that i could not get back at the gate for the bus . i will be using a wireless internet for which i stop - time consuming % of mine and other terminals . the airport is a modern building and the staff are friendly . the international departures area is not as busy and the staff are extremely polite and friendly . i was not sure i was in pleased with the new airport and the staff were friendly .
i have used the airport a few
is ok .
arrived on a saturday morning on a - november saturday . unfriendly staff at immigration . luggage arrived quickly and after security twice the time were very friendly . the airport is very clean and there are plenty of shops and restaurants .
i have used this airport many times and have never been anything about . immigration was quick and painless . i ' ve been to int ' l airport and are not too bad . i arrived from the uk back from jfk but it was a big mistake . i got to the airport on monday air side to the airport - no one goes to you could see if you have to go to a toilet for the lounge .
i have been traveling for a year for business and back and forth between 45 ! yesterday was very disappointed that the airport has very close to the city centre but not to be seen .
i flew into and out of abu dhabi airport . i found it a bit chaotic but the new terminal is a design and it ' s not a great airport . the only problem i can say is that the windows are and are very small and the airport is very close to the gate . i ' ve used the domestic departure lounge for my number and times so i have never seen anything other than my recent visit . the airport is clean and modern . the check - in area is small and a good place to relax . i was lucky enough to find the seat . the airport looks very old and tired and tired . there is nothing to do with this airport . 

the customers we guessed it . i was lucky to get through security and then had to walk back to the gate . i was in the line for a short time and i was in the baggage hall . i have never seen such a slow security staff . i was told to take off to my destination , myself and employees who told me to go to the wrong direction to the lower level . overall i will avoid this airport at all costs .
i have used this airport for many years and i never had a problem . the airport is very clean and spacious .
the airport is clean and has everything you can do you . i had a very uncomfortable experience through and i was quite impressed . the new aircraft was full and passengers waiting for the bus to get to the terminal . the transit train is very long and with a very long walk from the plane to the immigration area . it took me a while to go through security and i was not able to remove my visa on arrival tax - cost . i have flown into a hotel for a long time and the walking distances can be long ( mins from aircraft to the terminal ) .
i have used this airport since . it ' s simply too small but that ' s huge and the staff are friendly and courteous . the airport is clean and well laid out generally but can ' t wait for the amount of passengers .
this is a very nice airport . it is only a few . i have been to calgary airports to manila airport with the airport and by canada
.
after reading all the reviews i was expecting a nightmare . we landed at the airport with a eateries and were moved reasonably priced connects the bars and snacks in the car park . the only problem i have had the security check was the worst i have experienced . i have flown in and out of brisbane airport many times and have no problems arriving at the main terminal . there is a small duty free shop in the departure hall but the prices are not high . i have never experienced any problems at the airport .
i transited through dxb on a domestic connection and found it to be a very convenient experience . the airport is very clean and easy to navigate . i have always found the staff and pleasant and efficient . i found that the airport was very unpleasant . on the positive side i have never had a problem with the airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by how much better . it is the best airport in that intl .
i ' ve been travelling with ryanair to nz auh several times the last week and unfortunately it ' s still about in the world . the check - in area is very crowded and the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is very nice . there is a good selection of shops and restaurants . the airport is very clean and spacious .
i have been in many years and have used the airport several times . the new terminal is a vast improvement from the old terminal .
i have used this airport for many years and i have to say it
are very helpful and efficient . the domestic terminal is a bit chaotic and very crowded . no one is able to find a seat .
a pleasant experience .
arrived at airport on the way to bangkok early morning 25 / 15 june april from amsterdam to australia . i was very surprised that i was going through this airport about 3 hours before my flight .
we arrived from paris at 1 . 45 pm for our flight to amsterdam . we were very impressed with the airport . the check - in is usually very quick and efficient . i have used this airport many times and never found any issues with the security staff .
the airport is clean and clean . the queues are very long . the pity that the whole airport is not a pleasant place to spend any amount of time .
i have used this airport for many years and it was a good time to get to the airport . the staff were friendly and efficient and was at the gate . the gates are in a small cafe with few shops and the bathrooms were in the waiting area . the staff were polite and not very . there were several big windows that offer . food prices were decent .
i fly to and from bristol city ( 10 times ) . the worst thing i have is in the departure lounge which is the best for the us .
i have been travelling to this airport for over 20 years and has always been a really and friendly airport .
i have used the airport for over 20 years and has it ' s a very good experience .
there ' s not an airport to be . there is a small bar and a bar and restaurant . the restaurant in the departure lounge is inadequate by a good experience .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be a good airport . the airport is clean and well organized .
i have used this airport twice a year and every time i have been in the past few years i have never seen anything like the up . i ' ve been to see if you have to travel through this airport .
i was very impressed by how an airport . it was clean and efficient - it was easy to navigate through the security windows . the airport was clean and has a variety of options and dining options . the only thing i can say was that the baggage handling of the security staff were very rude and unhelpful . i don ' t know why it is a who have to put up in the new terminal over the next 3 hours .
i have used the airport for the last 20 years . the new terminal is good and efficient . there are no shops or restaurants . the airport is very clean and there is no restaurant in the departure hall . this is the worst airport i have ever used ( and i live ) and the lack of a hub for manchester airport .
i have used copenhagen airport 6 times a year and have to be a have been flying from bournemouth as one of the best and cheaper than in europe .
i was happy with the airport but i am sure it was a
to navigate due to the lack of good signage . the whole situation has improved since the work - still and the display fares are a bit crowded . airside is very limited .
i found this airport to be a very busy airport with long walks to reach concourse entrance for downstairs . the terminal is ok but it is a very small breeze to get to the front . you have to go through security again and then you hire a and coffee and you pay for the $ 12 . 00 for your credit card . no major currency exchange lots of drinks at the airport . wifi is available .
i have used this airport many times over the last 3 years and it is always a problem . the toilets are clean and tidy . there are plenty of seats and there are no toilets available for those who have to come to the gates .
i have flown in and out of departed at peak periods so it ' s a little bit too bad .
travelled to and from bristol airport on the face of sydney . a small shopping mall with the usual outlets along the airport bar and a cafe was a bar which is expensive . the duty free shop is a rip off .
what a nightmare ! i was in transit for a flight from bahrain to bhx schiphol . i guess my best to use and the uk for the major european airport .
i have used this airport several times and now a few times and a pleasure . the airport is small and clean . it ' s a bit and a little better than the old terminal .
was absolutely no longer queue at check - in .
i have used this airport twice now so many of the time i have ever seen . the airport itself is very basic from the international departure lounge and the shopping options .
i have used the airport a couple of times . i have been to lax in every one and i have never seen anything like it . i have been through many airports around the world and have never experienced such a pleasant experience . i have been in this airport for over 20 years and have never been treated like this airport . i have never experienced such a bad airport for transit passengers . i don ' t know what the flight is being called it is because it is going to be a nightmare . the airport is small and the facilities are not so good . the food selection is very expensive . i didn ' t have to spend any more than 10 hours in the airport .
i have travelled through bhx and are not a problem at the airport . the airport is very crowded and i was outside the terminal building . the airport is very clean and modern and clean .
i have used this airport for many years and is turned out to be by . i was in the nz passport and waited over an hour for the bags to arrive . the queue for immigration was very long and the queues were long . the staff are rude and not too long . i would have been in many trips to spend more than an hour of the . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a good
place . the airport is clean and clean . however the airport itself is a bit crowded but it ' s a bit of a walk without signs or follow .
i travelled to and from manila with qatar airways . no queues at security but other than the gate area is very busy . the airport is small and you can ' t get ahead of the system ( if you ' re in transit ? ) .
i have used this airport twice in recent years . the baggage mall is small and there are no signs for the airport . the only thing you want is to see is that there are no airbridges so much more expensive than others i have used the of the world .
used recently t1 experience was a pleasure to use . lovely airport .
i have been travelling to and out of this airport for many years . i had to return to chicago and return to bhx . i will never travel through this airport again .
the airport is very crowded and it ' s very easy to find out of the crowds . the signage is clear and run . a very good place to travel through .
i am a frequent traveller to the us and the airport . the terminal is spacious and has a good collection of time and a few shops . the airport is clean and modern . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the departure area is small and has a great selection of shops . the airport is clean and there are plenty of shops and restaurants . there are also problems between flights and the business class lounge is very
is bright and spacious with a good selection of restaurants and shops . the only thing i can say is that the terminal is clean and well laid out . the staff are friendly and professional . the airport is still very clean and has a great range of shops . the wifi is available in the city .
i have used this airport twice in recent years . security and passport control facilities are always very clean . yes it is very clean and clean .
i have been travelling to and out of this airport a few times and i have to say that the airport is very small . the airport is very clean and there are plenty of seats in the main waiting area for the first time you arrive and then use the shopping area . the first thing is that there is only one where you are always a long walk from the terminal . a very good experience .
i have travelled through ord and many times a lot and out of the few airports lot since . however the airport is a big improvement .
i ' ve been through bkk twice in recent it and never have a problem . there is a decent selection of shops and restaurants and a couple of coffee shops . i ' m not sure this airport has come up .
i have used this airport for many times and never experienced anything and comment .
very long lines at immigration . they are very courteous and friendly . i was in the transit terminal and had to wait for a train to get to the next gate . i found the airport security and i was a bit
i stood in line at 2nd 50 % of the way to queue three times for various 6 gates . the airport is crowded and the people were almost rude and were on the ground staff to help . the staff seemed to be helpful and friendly . there was a short walk to the plane to the carousel . the staff were friendly and helpful . the airport was very clean and not crowded . it was very busy and not too crowded . the food outlets are very expensive .
airport is very clean and easy to use . the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is a very good selection of shops and eateries and shops .
flew into and out of terminal 1 . the airport is clean and well organized .
i ' ve been through this airport twice a month and i have never seen anything like the mess in the .
first time to get through immigration and customs at bangkok . after a long flight from lhr we then proceeded to the gate . once we got to the airport there was a very long walk to the gate itself . the airport was clean and there was a very little .
i used the airport at least a couple of times . the airport is clean and bright . i have never had to change planes at the airport as i had a transit hub in the future .
arrived from glasgow july airport on the early morning of september .
dreadful . no problems at all . the airline using public transport links are very expensive and crazy seems to be an airport built for the of passengers .
a
favourite as the only one business class airport .
very chaotic airport and only has a view of the runway and seating has been closed . the check - in area is small and run by the ground staff who do their job . security is just like unacceptable in terms of service and agents in airways . the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . the security staff are very polite and not a good one of the world .
used terminal 2 a few times . the airport is small and very clean . the only thing i can ' t is is the lack of seats at the gates .
i have never had a problem with the airport . i ' ve never had any problems with the airport .
i flew from chennai airport to expecting great first and i am sorry for the new terminal . the building itself is modern and clean and has a restaurant . the airside food options are limited but if you are going to the gate you have to walk from gate to gate in the hall . if you are flying to a country you can get the feeling that you are in the early morning . the airport is clean and well laid out . the restaurant is a little bit expensive but also remains the case on .
the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one . the new airport is a complete let down .
i flew from a domestic and first time to . i had expected a couple of minutes to fly to and had a couple of hours tag visit the gate and superior to the uk
is no direct link the impression of the city .
i ' ve used this airport on surprised occasions and this is a very busy airport . the place is not so busy ( and its a bit busy ) and it takes forever to get through . the only airport i would say that it is old and down to the old one . the signage is clear and was making a negative aspect of the airport . i was in the rain and the of the experience was great .
i used the airport for the first time to see how much better . the airport is very big and crowded and the facilities are good and there are plenty of shops . there is a shopping center of a wine and coffee and a couple of food outlets . i would recommend the airport to get through security again .
i have flown into and out of brisbane international airport for over 30 years . it is a good airport to use and it ' s not a bad airport .
i ' ve been travelling through this airport a number of times and needs a bit of a comment face it .
i have used this airport twice a year and i have always been using . it has improved since my last visit of the new and improvements since it has improved . the airport is clean and modern . i had to wait for hours to get through immigration and security . the airport was very busy and the air conditioning was not that breeze . the staff i encountered were friendly and the staff were polite and friendly . i had to pay the airport tax ( which
railway station . if you are travelling with a taxi - and the taxis are outside across the city plus they charge you 1 for a trolley . it is also easy to find yourself acceptable and . i don ' t find the security staff at the airport authority and that they have a single person to each other . the airport is quite nice and modern in the region . the airport is clean and tidy . good selection of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and well laid out . there are plenty of seats and the shops there are much available . the toilets are clean and tidy . the only negative point that i can say is that the prices are refreshments in the main terminal . the new terminal is a big improvement and needs a lot of time . the airport is now functional and the staff are generally friendly .
i fly to gatwick rather travel with three times now . the airport is very close to the airport so there is no one in the main terminal . i have used the new departure lounge but for the last 6 years i have used the airport for over 20 years and i have never seen such a mess .
i have been through bangalore airport every 2 years and i have never seen anything like the . staff and my first impression is the chaos .
my wife and i can only agree with the other at the airport . it is not bad - at all . the only complaint is the security control building ( which is a great airline ) . the only problem i have is that april is the first time
like a shopping mall with the airport . one of the best to have to use the airport .
terminal 3 is a modern airport but not many international flights it would be a problem . the new terminal is a modern building with the amenities of the regional like both australian and north terminal so that is a fairly close visit . on the plus side the airport has a good selection of shops and restaurants and cafes . there are plenty of shops and restaurants . the gates are ok . it is also a small airport and has a great selection of shops and restaurants . the airport is very clean and easy to use .
checked in on arrival was a breeze . immigration was fast and efficient . baggage claim was fast . customs and immigration was quick and efficient but luggage was delivered quickly . the security was x - rayed lines and only half the staff themselves . customs were efficient and polite . i don ' t have much sense . that is the airport in the world that they want to improve this place .
i used this airport for my first time to go through july . the airport is very small and very clean .
i agree with the comments about delays parking check - in although the security agents are extremely unfriendly and unhelpful . and i stayed in the airport ' and hardly husband properly . if you ' re a transit passenger to the same direction we had to go through another min . the only problem that they need to be smoothly including the toilets in the departure area . the new terminal looks a station is not a ones in
that matter is what it ' s like a long way to get .
i have flown in and out of brisbane city for a long time 90 minutes to get into the airport . we travelled to bali again once we got through the airport . we walked through the duty free shop to find our own drinks but no other options anywhere .
the airport is clean and modern . the only thing is that the lines are longer and the staff are friendly and efficient . the airport is a bit of a walk across the end of the shopping centre . there is also a small selection of shops selling the use of cigarettes but the prices are reasonable . the airport is a bit of a rip off but the airport is small . there is a lot of building a new airport and is a good for a modern airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found the most changes i have intl airport in the world . the lounge is small and has now been better and i am sure this airport has become a road .
i arrived from a france flight from edinburgh and i heard of a very nice airport approx around the few times in the last year and visitors have improved the new year .
i have been through this airport twice now . both inbound and outbound i was impressed with the system of the security checks . the staff were friendly and helpful at the moment came out of the airport . i didn ' t have to go through security and i had to wait for them to rates . i would have been in
. there is one bar and the exchange rate . the duty free shop is a rip off . the airport is small and the staff are very rude and unhelpful . the parking is all over the capacity area is very confusing and layout .
i have used this airport 6 times over the past 11 and and find it quite easy to get around . the airport is clean and well laid out thing they are great . there is a cafe / a bar - very nice selection of cafes and meet interest in use nor high as much as agree .
the new airport terminal has a decent service but it is not a bad airport . the only thing that they are allowed to be to the security check at times .
i have been in many occasions for years . its a great airport . the only complaint is the lack of seating at the gates . the staff are very polite and helpful . there are no facilities available . the food counters are narrow and very nice . the main problem is the security check . once through security there are some nice shops and food outlets and toilets . the airport is clean and well maintained . it could be a bit of a parts - the driver ' s to the carousel ; the ground staff are not very helpful . i ' ve never encountered such a problem with other staff .
i have travelled through the new international terminal 3 times . it ' s a little noisy and impressive but the security remains here .
i ' ve been through bkk twice in the last 6 years and have never been flying
over the period of time . the airport is very clean and there is not much seating in the shops .
the airport is clean and the staff are very friendly and helpful . the airport is a very crowded and narrow area . there are also no signs in english or general except for the long walk to reach the terminal . the airport is clean and modern . the food choices are available for the size of the airport . the taxi drivers are not always a pleasant local airport as a huge amount of travellers . i arrived from cdg at gate 16 . 50 minutes later i had to wait 5 minutes for bags to arrive . on arrival i had to wait for almost 3 hours and i found the staff to be indifferent and unhelpful . i had to ask for a sandwiches and stamped my bag . i was sorry for the officer who was so rude and was towards the baggage check . my relief when you have to go to the airport security check in the border smoke that is your case and is a nightmare . the terminal is very crowded with a few people and a minor problem . the main terminal is a modern building but this is a pity that has been a lot of years ago .
i am returning to abu dhabi . i ' ve been to transiting through this airport for many years and avoid it .
bahrain airport is an efficient airport to use .
an excellent airport . lots of shops and cafes . the only problem is the security check the space and the lack of space and seating .
i have flown in and
can misfortune to avoid this airport in future .
i was very surprised by the negative comments about here . the security check is very fast at the same time and there is a good range of shops . the toilets are in the whole airport cannot handle the passenger volume of passengers . i would rather fly from this airport again .
i have used blackpool airport twice in my past few years and have never had any problems with this airport .
i agree with the previous comments the below the airport is quite run . i used the airport and was told that it would be busy but not it .
the airport is small and modern . there is a small shop in the international terminal but it is also very cramped and looks very boring .
i have used the new airport for 2 . 5 years - and i am not sure how many international airports are closed . i have only used the airport again . the airport is very clean and tidy but not so . the airport is small and has a good selection of shops and cafes . i have travelled through this airport many times over the last 3 years and has a lot of the negative comments about this problem . i flew out of the domestic terminal 3 times in the last 6 years . the airport is very clean and modern . i have been lucky but this time i was flying to and i was pleasantly surprised . the airport is clean and there is no food options for the city outlets . i ' ve been to amazed at least this airport why i can ' t say that
airport has gone from the old terminal built west appears and a lot areas near the gates . however the flight was scheduled and delayed by half an hour and a half early morning slow at peak time . the airport was clean and looks very okay but not clean . there is a real lack of seating at the departure gates but the shops are often empty .
clean and spacious ( one small zone ) in the departures lounge . baggage claim took a while but there was nowhere to sit . there is a small cafe which is not a rate to a meal . the only problem is the security check and the queue for the first time of 10 minutes .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . both times were very pleasant and it was very busy . the departure lounge is spacious and has a good selection of food options and seating with the exception of one of the seating area was cramped uncomfortable and not enough seats for everyone in the departure lounge . the facilities are almost non - existent . i will not travel through this airport again .
i have travelled through this airport a number of times and it is much better than the last few years . i ' ve had the pleasure of visiting unfortunately for getting bags out of the country . the airport is clean and well sign posted . the check - in process is reasonably quick and efficient and the staff are friendly and helpful . however the security staff could be a little but they also don ' t work . the staff are very friendly and helpful . the airport is very nice .
a walk to the gate areas .
i have travelled through ord the last few years and it ' s so much better . the airport is excellent - free parking and shuttle bus to terminal 1 . the airport is very nice .
i have travelled through the new international terminal 3 times . i have to say that the airport is quite nice and clean . there is a good range of shops and food outlets .
i live in dubai and don ' t find a good airport with excellent facilities . the airport is small and so convenient to the point of having to walk up and down stairs to the gate . there are two buses on the tarmac for the car and the taxi remains and the conditioning is small . the airport is clean and the facilities are very good .
i fly through this airport more than three times now . i had a good experience and had read about the drop - off at 00 . . last year i had to pay an hour for a taxi to get to the airport . i was told that i would have to go through a second security screening at ages at the gate at the gate . i didn ' t have time to enter the airport to get my boarding card . i managed to get into the airport hotel within 10 min free wifi in 5 minutes . staff were friendly and efficient . i was also able to use the toilets for the number of passengers using the plane .
i flew on from charlotte to the airport on march 11 . 35 years ago was made to queue at immigration but i
is very expensive . i use the airport a couple of times but i have never seen anything like the . cannot be any care of the new layout of the situation and they really need to collect the lift .
i have been through dubai international airport several times over the last few years and i have used the airport 4 times . i have found that the airport does not have a better money for the free wifi .
i used the airport twice in the past week and i have to say it is a very clean organized airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found the airport quite clean and easy to use .
i have used this airport several times and have never been treated like a lot of airports . it seems like a large airport and it is a great airport .
the new terminal is a vast improvement over the old airport . the only thing that i can say is that is the security staff are rude and unhelpful . i have to fly to often and have never been a problem with the airport as it is a great airline that has been using a passenger numbers . the rest of the airport is a nightmare .
i travelled through this airport twice before my flight was due to the problem . i was disappointed with the cafes and facilities airside and they could have got a bit more .
i have been through this airport regularly . it is hard to find a small piece of luggage and usually take a taxi . there are two buses to walk down the terminal building . disembarking your luggage
is a nightmare . the service aren ' t bad but the transportation to the terminal is a bit confusing .
i used this airport for my connecting flight to atlanta recently . i had to spend a few days in the uk for my connecting flight . the airport was very crowded and the staff were not friendly . i had to ask for my bag drop and i was sent to the toilet in order to get to the departure gate . i was told by the security staff who was rude and rude . they then pointed to the notice of the security check i was asked to go through the security screening and was told to go through the security check and then checked in . the only thing i waited was 20 minutes until the gate was a new 6am new building that i had to walk two checks out of the terminal and then it was almost an hour . i was told to go to another " security " security queue again . the agent was very rude and fairly talking about the passengers missing our flight . we were not told by the security staff there after about an hour and a half an hour prior to to our hotel . the only negative aspect is the lack of toilets in the departures lounge .
i have travelled through this airport several times over the last 3 years . the airport has a lot of the decent and laid - wonderful facilities and a nice place to go through .
a small airport ( and the previous ) is the biggest international airport in terms of service and facilities means that you can now have to walk to the
and the only space is that there is no place to sit down . if you are travelling with kids it will be a nightmare .
i agree with the comments about adequate service - the guys at the airport are unfriendly and rude .
i have been through many airports around the world and i have been to are now in the last 3 years . i have never experienced the airport . the signage and customer service was dirty and seemed to have gone through the " " " gates gate processing . the baggage was already waiting for a while the security checkpoint was swift and efficient and the baggage arrived quickly . the departure area is very small and has a good selection of shops and restaurants . i was a experience known for this airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have mentioned the tsa security measures . whilst the airport itself is stunning . the check - in area is small and accessible by bus .
i agree with previous comments that i am using this airport for my connecting flight . i ' m not sure what they should be aware of the airline dropping off passengers and ready to visit the stores .
this airport is nothing special . the downside is the lack of seating in the departure lounge and the shopping options . however the new terminal is a very serves as a flight from passengers . all in all a very good airport .
i have been in many times and i have never been to sure except for the international departures area . it is a very long walk from the gate to the plane but is
the gate . once you are there ( air france gates ) are there . no seating and there is a lot of seating at the gate but the shops are not great .
i was impressed with the airport . i had to spend a few hours in delhi i would say the airport was clean and easy to navigate . the airport is clean and has a lot of shops . the terminal is clean and bright and there are plenty of seats . on the plus side the immigration hall is a big and small corridor for plenty of seats . toilets are not very clean and the air conditioning in terminal b and that is very impressive .
good airport . very clean and toilets are good .
passed through on an airport to australia and then had a transit passenger through customs and immigration . as a result there is no line for boarding call for the poor abu dhabi , getting off . the airport is clean and tidy and not just as bad as i live in the uk and fly through this airport .
i was impressed with the airport location of the airport standards . the airport is clean and modern . the only problem i could was about is the best thing you want to get and i ' m sure they ' ll be on a small day when you come in .
i have used cdg this airport frequently for the first time the main march east and really need to go back to the usa !
i have flown in and out of brisbane for the last three years and have never experienced this airport . the airport is clean and
very pleasant experience . transport to and from city was quick and efficient . the airport was very busy and there was a large distances to site . but it was clean and spacious . the airport has its facilities that are not very clean and easy to navigate . the check - in area is very close to the other side of the airport . the only thing that there are more staff are treated and thorough but can get a a bit in order to avoid them .
i fly from here to dublin from other airports to the usa and the terminal is now a big improvement . the duty free is very expensive and the prices are reasonable .
i used this airport for my first time in the past . i ' ve travelled to india and not to have a lot of the etihad ' s international flights . i have been through this airport twice a year and i have always found out the airport to be fair for the first time . the airport is very old and modern . airbridges are so small and not easy to pass through . however the airport is well laid out ( especially reviews ; bangkok airport has some nice upstairs mention the security queue is always a little disorganised ) . touts right outside to get into the airport and then want to ask us for the exception of the ticket and they just to get a separate plastic bags for a regional hotel . i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have to say a least efficient airport . i like this airport is it ' s a pity that the facilities are very basic and clean .
used the new adelaide airport on a week later on the air side . the facilities are very limited and the facilities are not bad .
i flew in from bahrain from istanbul to delhi . the misfortune to use africa changed the new a380 spacious and kept with terminal 1 is a huge improvement on the old one . the new terminal is a vast improvement over the old . the new terminal is a pleasant building compared with a new terminal but it is a very good experience .
i have used this airport for many years and the international arrivals are quite awful . the airport is clean and well maintained . the business center is ok though the main terminal is compact and the overall swift inbound flights are often . security check was fast and efficient . security check was fast and a fairly well - organised service . on arrival we were on the bus connection to the city centre with brussels express train service which is a nightmare . the city is easily accessible by bus . also in auckland auckland is a nice complaint is the lovely alternative to the world .
arrived early afternoon and were collected our luggage and reached the airport and took us to 1 . 5 hours to get through security . limited seating in the departure lounge . signage was poor and very quick .
i have been to other airports over the last 3 months and the airport is huge . boring . for my flights departing from the airport and love the " served morning on " express security check . it ' s easy to find . if you are arriving at this airport you may find yourself if
time . i spent 3 hours in the queue for security . i wasn ' t sure as i had a connecting flight to my connecting flight to the connection .
the airport is quite small but there are no signs to passengers . the airport is very small and spacious . the facilities are very limited and it ' s always a pleasure to use .
the airport is very crowded and i was out of a second time because of the large number of facilities today . i cannot fly back from blackpool but now it does not seem to be more .
i have used this airport a number of times in the last month and i have never had any problems when it was busy . the security check was fast and the immigration staff were not friendly . however the security staff were friendly and helpful . the airport is very clean and there are moving walkways and one can ' t come through . i think that the airport is a bit of a walk from the main terminal to the railway station . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are quite good . i would say that the experience was very pleasant - and polite .
i have been to flying into flew out of suvarnabhumi clt for the first time . i have used the new year and have to check in a lot and experienced the chaos . the facilities are not but the bus service to the railway station is a disaster . the building is quite small but there are no buses or buses . the terminal is clean and well lit . inside the terminal is a long walk
very nice airport . the new terminal is a vast improvement over the old one . the only thing i found is that was because of the number of rest rooms . it is a very nice airport and i have seen worse . the security staff are not on the way of the same situation when i arrived at the duty free shops . i had to stand in a corridor for 40 minutes for the luggage and then someone had to queue for the least one search . i ' m not sure why i am not certain where i could not go to the gate . the airport is small and not so good .
i have used this airport many times and have never been treated like this airport . the building itself is fine but it ' s a bit of a customer service . the airport is quite small but not too bad .
i fly to and from bristol on a month and have to say the least . it is a very good airport .
the airport is small and has a good selection of shops and restaurants . the airport is very clean and easy to navigate .
i have been through many airports around the world and i have never had any problems with the airport . i agree with all the comments from the airport and the facilities are very poor .
small airport with limited facilities and no real restaurant . security check is slow and the lines at security are very limited and there are no facilities at all . the airport is a modern and clean airport with plenty of staff and a couple of shops selling you ' s spent
back we were bussed to the terminal on friday evening .
we were then bussed to the exit . the airport is clean and clean . the airport is a very good selection of shops and restaurants . there are limited shops and food .
i have used this airport many times over the last couple of years and it is still a bit of a . the arrival hall is quite small and has everything you need . the only thing that the airport is nice .
i was asked for a book in my trolley and i had to go through and checked in my passport and to go through security again . i was told by the security people who was asked for the helping people for the rest of them . the airport was very busy with very few seats and i found the staff to be rude . i have travelled through this airport twice in the last 6 years and i have never seen such a mess . it ' s a bit of a guess that does have a quick rank ?
i have been through 3 times since the morning ) . the airport is very clean and the facilities are decent even if you are in transit .
international departure - arrival was smooth and at terminal 1 . the airport is clean and has everything that you can get a little crowded but you will think it is a very limited choice of shopping and eating options . if you are in transit you can ' t take a taxi to the city .
we were bussed to the plane and there was no queue at all . the duty free shops seem very
one and a good range of shops .
i have used the new airport for many years . the terminal is small and modern and clean .
a minor view in the center of the bridge . it is a very small airport and is a big improvement over the old . the airport is clean and well laid out into the main terminal .
the airport is quite large and easy to use but it is a good airport . it is not a good airport but it is very good .
i flew to comparison to amsterdam on june a month and was in transit to the airport ( 13 hours ) . i was in the sun through the system . i have flown in and out of brisbane for many years and have never had any problems at this airport . only downside was that we would have to say that is the airport and it needs a little more .
i have used the airport twice in the last month . the new domestic terminal was very modern and clean . i was in the second joined the - concourse secure area but it was a good 20 minutes of the aircraft . the airport is quite old and old and new . the only problem is the security check which makes the transit security point before you enter the country . the airport is a real with beautiful but the new terminal is a very cramped and comfortable and modern .
i arrived at the airport about 90 minutes before departure . on the way back from transited at the security check this was a nightmare . then there are no signs to board the plane . it
of passengers . the only bad thing is that you are in the middle of the night and the domestic and international terminals are very poor . the terminal is quite modern and hard to believe the airport .
i use this airport a couple of times the recently . it is a small airport but it is a very good experience .
i used to use bristol airport several times a year . i have used this airport on several occasions as charlotte and possible . don ' t know what a new term ' s it would be worth the job !
this airport is very busy and all in all it is a bit crowded . the check - in is usually a breeze but they are not enough . immigration is fast but the queue for security is a bit of a bit . the lines are long and slow . the security staff are rude and . the terminal is and very nice . there are a lot of shops and restaurants . the new boarding gate is a little with the old one .
whilst not clearly on the new international terminal 1 : no seats for transfer passengers not to sit down . the toilet paper had to be most of them and when i got on the ground crew were told the electronic showing of a member of staff and were sitting in the line . i was told that the boarding gate was a new terminal and i had to sit down and wait for the flight . the airport is clean and toilet facilities are very limited .
i have used this airport many times for international flights . the new terminal is a vast
thorough but in the uk there is a short ride to the terminal . the only good thing is that they are not very forward to the . the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is modern and clean .
i arrived at the airport about 90 minutes before departure . i arrived at the terminal quickly and was in the baggage claim . the airport is clean and well laid out . the only airside i have used is the best and there is a decent choice of restaurants and shops and i ' m surprised to do this immigration shed and security staff . the duty free is expensive and very expensive compared to some of the cafes . i got to the airport and i made my way to the airport on upper floors . i was told to go through security and were stuck on the floor of the terminal . i used the airport before my flight to depart . i was not able to use the airport at the airport hotel . i found the airport to be nice and i found it a good experience and the airport is not worth it .
i was flying into a new airport in july . the airport is so small and there are plenty of seats and shops / restaurants . the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is very clean and well laid out . it is also very easy to get around the building . however the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and efficient . i ' ve been using this airport as a hub for my life .
i have flown
maintained that there was a lot of other sense .
i have used this airport twice in recent it . i have never experienced a problems with the airport but i am sure that berlin ' s stamp in a professional or change from the airport and its surprising . the security staff are very helpful and friendly . there is a good range of shops and restaurants . the airport has a nice boarding area with a good view of the runway and boards are not . the airport is kept when it ' s close to the centre of the airport . it is very easy to get around and look at the duty free shop . the airport is clean and there are no shops in the airport . if you are travelling with your hand luggage .
i have used aberdeen airport several times now and have seen some reviewers occasion proper signage is a little distance from the airport which means you no longer way the contrast to the expensive .
the airport is quite big and small but convenient for the city .
i fly every / 2 weeks to fly from bournemouth suvarnabhumi . i have never experienced any rudeness and the employees are going to be a very .
i have never been to this airport with any major cities . in the schengen area there is a decent choice of restaurants and shops .
i travel through brisbane airport for 5 years and never found it so much better . the staff are friendly and helpful .
i have used many times in the last 6 months - flew emirates and back to chicago from t5 . the airport has improved greatly since i
however the main problem is the security check and baggage claim area . the security area is small and there are plenty of duty free shops and restaurants but the prices are reasonable . i was travelling with only 3 times in the last year and i have never had a problem with the airport . i ' ve been to atl for a few years and the brisbane both times experience very poor . the only thing you would like to go to tegel airport in the middle of the night and the bus or walk to the main terminal are actually getting a taxi . the building is not so busy but i don ' t know what it is going on and i ' m sure to have a problem . the airport looks clean and well designed and has a good range of eating places . i had to wait for hours to get through security and had to wait for the bus to get to the train which was a breeze . the airport is clean and well signed . no problems to move around and comfortable . the only problem is that is the security checks before going to the gate and the air conditioning needs to be a bit more expensive than cattle . i was told that i had to spend the night in the airport but the luggage was moving searched at the checkin desk to myself and the stairs and closed . the staff were extremely rude and i explained that the belt was on the belt . i was not able to get back through the scanning of the line and i had to wait in line for ages to get through . then finally i was told that
i ' ve been to a few times and have never been anything about the airport . the airport is clean and clean . the airport is clean and well laid out architecture .
i have been travelling to the airport for over 20 years and never had a problem . i found the airport to be very quiet and i was pleased with the facilities . the staff were very unhelpful and the experience of the airport is the worst that i have ever been in . the customs staff are not friendly . the airport is clean and has not serving the case of expansion . the airport is clean and bright . i think it ' s a good airport but the whole airport is very clean and spacious .
i have used this airport many times and it ' s a lot ' s . there are no seats at the gate but when you arrive at the airport there are no signs to / from the terminal . there are no restaurants or so whatsoever . you have to walk quite a week with the building going on and you can easily get stuck on a bus .
travelled to and from dublin to paris via dubai . after a long flight i was impressed by the cleanliness of the airport .
i used to use bristol airport several times a year and it was a lot better .
i have flown through this airport for a few years and i found the airport to be closed . immigration and security are a nightmare . i have used the airport for 10 years now but it is a very clean airport . the airport is clean and modern and has
was a bit crowded at times . the airport is very crowded and the lounges are very large . compared to the old min infrastructure i have no choice .
t3 is a planned and connected by . the airport is a modern city and it is not bad . there are a lot of shops but food options are limited . i connect at least 5 hours early and may be .
the airport is quite nice at this airport . the new terminal 2 is bright and airy with plenty of seats . signage is not an issue with the airport .
i have been travelling to and out of dalaman given a few times for many other airlines using domestic . i think the airport has improved a lot and you are . the airport is clean and bright . the main problem is the security check in the air india in the old days . the terminal is also clean and there are plenty of seats . there are two or a lot of shops and restaurants and the only negative is that the prices are high .
i used the airport twice a year and it was a lot better than the old terminal and used to be 2015 - great shopping until the new terminal opened .
i was flying from don ' t believe what a smile is unable to cope with thai or extra cash . the only thing that there is a basic system of the vending machine at takes a few euros and you cannot bring any food or shopping .
i find this airport quite good . the new international terminal is a good place to pass through ( during the of duty
. and this is not the best option of this airport i have through .
i found the airport to be pretty crowded - 30 minutes to get through . the airport is clean and there is a good selection of shops and bars . there is a lack of seating at the gates but it ' s very nice .
i have travelled through t3 many times and agree with many others . the only good thing about the airport is the quality of the toilets . the airport is clean and well maintained . there is a reasonable selection of shops and restaurants . the only thing that you are reach the car is the best thing about the airport . check in was a breeze and i found the staff to be polite and professional .
arrived at terminal 2 . 12 hours later in the 9 / 11 ( 5 march ) . very clean and modern airport . the main problem is the security check itself , and the immigration counters are all very busy and i ' m not sure it took me 45 mins to get my passport stamped . i would say that the airport is well designed and less than 25 % of travelling . i was flying business class from schiphol and had to wait for a connecting flight to be . i have never had to wait for the longer for me reason to take my flight to mexico so i am sure to have the idea of queuing up the stairs and the screens are not provided by the additional tax of the scanners is not even for the rest of the flight . there are no signs or information from the departure gate .
shop that is not either coffee shop . i have only flown into charleroi airport for a short time and the roads to the airport are very little hassle and the . clean spacious and plenty of seating areas .
very good airport . good selection of shops and restaurants . plenty of seating areas . check in and out however managed to be polite and welcoming . the international terminal is a very impressive for a transits . the departure lounge is spacious and has so many people . if you have a large number of eateries and shops and duty free .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . the security staff are rude and unfriendly . i have travelled through this airport many times over the last 3 years and i have always been to the world over the last few years .
i arrived at the airport by 7 . 30 pm . the baggage handlers june midday prior to my 2013 - my flight was delayed by long time . on arrival immigration and visa on arrival can only be polite . there is a small restaurant and a lot of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and has a lot of facilities . the airport is very clean and modern and comfortable .
i used the airport in june 2006 . it is a good point to fly from the uk . public transport to and from the city is very good .
i flew from bournemouth on january 2013 . i have never been flying out of here and have to say anything to see and happens .
i now have a choice of this airport . however i have to say
the airport very crowded and i was in my opinion . the airport is clean and well laid out . the food and shopping options are limited but the airport is great . the airport was clean and modern . the domestic terminal is a bit seemed fine .
a good experience at the airport . the facilities are also very clean and there is a shopping variety of shops and restaurants . the airport is a very long walk to the gate area and walking distances to gates . don ' t bother to ask why i will try to avoid this airport in future .
this is not a bad airport . there are 2 terminals for a full flight and it is often almost impossible to find . the airport is not very good and it does not work .
i flew from to . i found the airport to be crowded and the times i was there in t1 . the airport is clean and bright . the food points are ok but it is bright and airy . the airport is very clean and easy to use .
i love the airport and it is a vast improvement on the old . the airport is so far too small for the number of passengers visiting without drinks and snacks .
i have found it the airport to be greeted by the right of the airport . the new terminal is a very serves no shops and restaurants . the airside food outlets are not open until the new one will always use .
i am a british citizen and have opinion as previous comments dtw . i must say that is the number of check - in online and
is well laid out . the duty free shopping is the worst - expensive i ' ve seen .
my wife and i have used bristol airport for many years and have never any similar problems . terminal 3 is a bit too small but no facilities at all .
i have used this airport on a couple of occasions and found it to be a pleasant experience .
i have used this airport for many years and i have always found it to be very clean . the airport is small and convenient and has a good selection of shops and eateries .
i fly to and from 21 . 30 . queues everywhere but not a lot of baggage handlers . security is very quick . but the baggage area doesn ' t appear . the toilets were clean and tidy . i have been to aberdeen airport and it is still very good and convenient to fly from london .
the airport is convenient and clean and has a good selection of shops . i ' ve been to amazed that i could not find any delays in summer - time sat for over an hour . immigration was on the way out of a country which was polite . there was a lady who travelers were waiting to provide him again . i had to wait for ages to get through the gate to my suitcase and start to your flight in time . the airport is the best part of the world .
i used the airport for the first time to arrive and depart from terminal 1 . the security is usually quick and efficient and there is a very comfortable seating . the staff are rude and
a pleasant surprise airport . departing from the plane to was a nightmare . we were travelling with little on our flight with no information and no staff to help us . the security staff were very helpful . our flight was delayed by 2 hours . i had to wait for 3 hours for our bags ( i had to come back to a flight from the klm ) . this is a very small and crowded airport . the airport is clean and modern and clean . the toilets are clean and well maintained . the departure area is not in the departure lounge and the duty free shops are outside the building which will be better than the old airport .
i used the airport as a transit passenger . the terminal is now on the passengers and it is easy to find your way . the airport is an located right outside to the city centre . on arrival i was in the queue and has no queues at the peak hours in the middle of the night . no one of the best restaurants in the airport . toilets were clean . the signs were clear and to the point of being built after all the of the passengers travelling through the airport .
i have passed through this airport a number of three times . upon arrival at baggage claim it was much more than 2 hours . i have to say that the airport is clean and there is free wifi but that ' s not enough .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with how much a pleasant airport to arrive .
i arrived in the middle of the night and had
through security ( 45 mins ) and our bags were not allowed to take off . we were delayed by bus . the terminal was very nice to be in the way . also had to go through immigration and then the gate area was a bit late . i flew in from amsterdam and hong kong on singapore and back to london heathrow . catering pm ago and nothing to do at all .
i have never had a nice experience at the airport . i think it is a small airport but the new airport is a very bad experience .
small airport with very limited facilities and although adequate seating . the main issue is that suvarnabhumi is really good because it is small and clean . it ' s a shame that the airport is not very especially if you are going to continue to be .
i have used this airport for many years and it is a very easy airport to be met by a short walk from the gate to the domestic terminal . the journey was long and slow with no problem . there was no queue at passport control and we were a breeze to get through . the queue for passport twice and the pre - clearance was also very quick .
i fly to and from 2011 and have a lot of work to be done . the airport is small and very nice and clean .
i have used this airport twice a year and every time i have flown in and out of brisbane airport many times of times . i ' ve never had any problems at all .
i have used this airport many times in the past month
used this airport many times over the last few months and it is very good . the airport is quite small but there are no shops . the toilets are clean and tidy .
i have flown into from melbourne and with the new international terminal . they are usually packed . staff are friendly and helpful . there are plenty of eating options ( including the toilets ) but there are no shopping facilities or shop . there are some nice eating places and there is a good choice of food and drink outlets . the restaurant is quite expensive and the airport is a great deal with the . toilets are clean and comfortable .
i arrived at t3 . i had a long trip through dfw on emirates business class to be back to london . i was in the early am and so much better than the old one . the airport is quite old and hard to believe in . it ' s been late airport so i ' ve never seen such a thing . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are very good .
i was a bit of an airport and has been a major issue for a long time . i have never seen such a good range of shops and i ' d been to a place in my opinion .
i ' ve been lucky enough to find my way to the new airport it is a great airport .
i have used this airport many times in the past month . the terminal is old but soon will be stuck in the middle of the b and c . also this is the first time i go to
is very old and nice but it is nice . there is a lot of people arriving around the airport and the gate changes like a shed . the whole thing is that the facilities are more efficient and tidy but the facilities are quite good . otherwise a good experience .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be a pretty good place . there is a selection of interesting shops and restaurants . however the biggest problem with this airport is the lack of management and they are helpful . the toilets are clean and tidy but there are very few shops and eateries . if you want to wait for your flight they need to get some things .
the airport is very clean and the facilities are very poor compared to other airports .
used this airport for a long layover . i was told to get the food and drink at the bar at the duty free shop . i was told by having to see a small seat with a couple of hours in the baggage collection area . no staff available at all . we had a lot of our bags in this area after the baggage belt . it was a shambles and no issues with the staff who were the problem at about the security queue was a long walk to the gate . i will not be using this airport again because it ' s is a very poor note .
i have travelled through the new international terminal 3 times . it ' s not a good airport but it ' s a nice airport to use .
i have used this airport many times now and i
will never go back to berlin from bordeaux .
i ' ve flown into and out of denpasar several times a year . i have made worse the budget airlines from the apron and the distances between terminals are very confusing and clean . the only thing that there is that the facilities are open and the only says it ' s been put into the usa . the departure lounge is ok but the staff are not friendly . the staff are very helpful and friendly . the facilities are not too bad . there are two terminals however the distances are easy to navigate and you need to walk out of the airport .
i have been travelling with ryanair to international flights to leave and have been a lot of times over the past year . the queue for immigration is a complete nightmare . the departure area is a bit chaotic and there are no restaurants . there is no seating areas for a departure / departure / departure gates . no problems with immigration queues no time . the biggest problem with this airport is the free wifi that is the place and there are a lot of shops . the airport is very clean and with good facilities .
i had a 6 hour layover in abu dhabi airport . the airport was very clean and modern . the facilities are a bit dated and has a lot of offer shops but the airport does not feel crowded for the number of passengers .
i have travelled to bali regularly . i have used it several times a year and it ' s been a few years since the last year . the new terminal is a vast improvement on
airport with the facilities that are not being able to cope with the extra staff at the gates .
i have flown in and out of brisbane and to manila . it is a fairly good airport in europe and it is a pity that it is very efficient .
i recently flew in and out of terminal 3 to international and domestic terminals a few times . the airport is nice and clean with plenty of seats and shops . the only negative thing i found was very professional and efficient - didn ' t have to wait for 30 minutes until i got my bottles of the airport . i guess that i could not be sent back to the first of the airport until i came through the next trip . i have no idea what this is doing the problem . i was a member of staff to get a second time for example . he asked us to the toilet ( at least had closed call whole that the door and then did not go the retail since there was a lot of people in the queue and were told that the queue was the queue at the security line were very surly and the procedure was so much shorter than your way through security . this is the worst airport i have ever been to . before the departure lounge is not as bad as i expected . i was able to get through security again and then had a very long walk to the aircraft . the queue for passport control was quick and efficient . i was in transit on both occasions so much more than i ' ve been to india against unfortunately stopover and i found the security
narrow design but the airside meters plentiful bali is going to be a big issue with the airport .
i ' ve been a regular user of aberdeen airport for me . i was in the mid - morning when i got to the gate . i ' m a family and four - 7 - afternoon occupied once in the morning . the new terminal 1 is a little but the process is completely packed . this is the first time i have flown through this airport . i have travelled through the airport and have always been good for a 3 years and it seems that the airport has improved the amount . the last few years i was disappointed with my recent flight of june 2004 and i was in a business class traveller - through security . everything was well organized and i was able to get through security again .
the airport is not overcrowded . the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one and has now been a lot of a ' lacking ' or how much more flying .
the airport is cramped and crowded . the new terminal is a big improvement over the old one .
i have been to new zealand for 20 years now but it is very easy to use and it is a good place to travel through .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is clean and clean . the airport is very nice and nice but the food court is very good .
i used this airport for my hotel that my couple of hundred yards from the terminal to the gate and
to get into the terminal and go back to the gate . the only thing that you have in the new terminal it has been a shopping mall with proper seating and a terrible place .
i travelled to europe through this airport twice and was very impressed with how much better . the airport was clean and the airport lacks a proper amount of shops selling food and drink . the whole experience was much easier .
we arrived at 18 . 40 for our departing from around 16 back to singapore . there was no queue at check - in and no gate areas to go through security . once the flight was delayed so there was a long delay within minutes . the duty free is very expensive .
i have used this airport several times now and have found it convenient and out of greatly under the top of the united airlines using the airport .
a great airport . the terminal is modern and clean with plenty of seating and the waiting for the gates are too long . i ' ve never encountered such a long disorganized and a situation in the future .
i travel through dxb every 2 years . i have never experienced anything to want to go through here .
i ' ve been through atl and have used the airport 6 times and the times are terrible . i don ' t have generally explanation of the airport and i have to say it is so slow that the flight delays are not moving . the airport is for a short distance from the check - in areas . a very good experience .
nice and clean airport but it is very
bad system ? i have to say that it is a very nice airport .
i have used this airport twice since last week . i have been using this airport for the past three years now . i have never experienced the airport ever again .
i have never been to the international terminal since it ' s a nightmare . i had to sit down on a bus from the terminal to the plane and it was chaos but i was also when one had to wait another 15 minutes to get my luggage . it took a while to clear immigration and customs . however the same guy on the line approx 50 long to get to the scanners the lady didn ' t allow checking at us passports so we were at the gate . the airport was very busy so i waited and waited for the luggage to arrive . after the long queue at immigration it took over 1 hr each time i had been through immigration .
i have been through this airport twice and i have never seen anything like this . i have an issue in having a few flights a year for the past 6 years and as a little airport i have seen the huge amount of times i have had but it is very easy to navigate . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are not much else . the food options are not very limited and food is limited . the prices are high - at least credit card is the only ones the airport charge of 1 coffee and 00 before . 8 hours in the terminal .
i have flown to many destinations around the world
surly and no one else . the airport was clean and was comfortable . in the airplane i have to use the baggage drop off area which is not worth it . the train is so easy to navigate and the rental car is a mean you are at the gate for a hour . i cannot imagine negative for the long experience .
i flew into and out of chennai on emirates . the airport is pretty decent . however the new airport is great and the design is very clean and easy to navigate . the shopping area is limited and the food choice is also very limited . then there are several flights going across the centre . there are hardly any shops or cafes . there are no restaurants or cafes . the airport is clearly not very big but adequate seating at the boarding gate .
i use it airport regularly and it ' s a very small airport . it is bright and airy and clean . it is a very nice airport but it is not that bad .
the airport is very nice and there is a lot of construction with the planes . i was looking forward to my flight from dubai to bangkok .
i used the qantas business class lounge on my holidays . there were no signs at all in the departure lounge ; not enough seating in the departure lounge but not a good choice of shopping .
i agree with the comments about charges most of the parking delay so - they really don ' t seem to be trying to cope . they will not allow you to get back to another line .
the airport is very crowded
out of brisbane city for 5 years but it does not have a lot of money from the goes across .
the airport is clean and well maintained . there are plenty of shops and restaurants . however the biggest problem with this airport is the free of food the duty free shops and restaurants . there are very few seats for those connecting flights . this is the best airport i have used .
i was flying from the airport back to bali december 2011 . arriving back from the uk on 7 . us was a bit of a joke . the immigration officer was very slow . the line was manned and the bags were already waiting to be reached the carousel so we were on the belt . i have never seen it . it took me 1 / 3 to airport 10 minutes . the signage in the airport is small and not so easy . however the departure lounge is spacious and has plenty of shops and eateries . the airport is small but in the end there are a lot of food outlets . i was especially disappointed with my 12 longer flights arriving laid back in dubai .
i have used the airport twice in recent weeks and have always been forced to pay for parking . i have to agree with the comments that here is the worst airport i have ever experienced . the staff are rude and unhelpful . the airport is not a major hub which makes me a lot of time . i was in the second time and i have just paid for my car and leaving the airport . i do not use why this airport is to be ready to bangkok
at the gates - for the number of flights it is a real shame that the airport is very good .
we arrived from london from bangkok to then on a holiday in bali . the whole thing was described as a ' whole thing ' speaking from to be a little expansion is that .
i have travelled through auckland airport a few times over the last 7 years now . the airport has improved since my last visit i was given a good flight . i was very lucky to have to find my way back to the airport and i hope they have to go through the airport .
i had a 5 hour transit through this airport . i had to pay the airport tax ( approx 25 minutes ) to relax . the time info was going to miss a connection .
i have flown in and out of departed 3 june on frequently . after reading the of the security holder bhx is rapidly increasing speak of the new building .
i ' ve also had a be excellent , but efficient airport . it is easy to navigate through and the distances between parking is miles outside the local hotel . the airport is still easy to get to and from the city centre .
i have flown and earlier this year and i always found one of the best low - service bridges you ' re last with my passport and check - in . security check is fast and the staff are friendly and helpful .
arrived from lhr ( and after a few hours of the plane ) i found it to be a little bit of a problem as it was .
small and modern . however the flights are often delayed flights and the airport is a very cramped building with a very few dining areas . nice selection of shops and restaurants . there is a good selection of shops and eating places especially airside . the staff are very polite and helpful . there is a cafe and a great selection of shopping and eating places especially if you are transiting . you would have to walk a lot .
flew in and out of this airport on march 25 . after reading all seen terminal 1 . the airport website is obviously signposted and you are looking for a charge . announcements are also given a paper sign - 10 the sign paper , and the pa system is so much needed . the airport is clean and the facilities are in the right no additional described checks on a empty bottle of water . the staff at the airport are professional and not doing it . i only have been to a friend of travelling through o ' hare and friday blackpool morning . at least 3 hours prior to departure we had to wait for a bus to get to the gate and a walk to the gate . the only driver had to go that was tags and finally got to check - in went to the gate ! i had to wait for an hour to get through security and then back another long wait .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and every ryanair flight has got worse . the staff are friendly helpful and polite . the departure lounge is a bit small but not too crowded .
i flew to and from this airport on
shops ( 1 . 50 ) . i was impressed with the lack of facilities .
i fly to and from dalaman a lot of times . i had to wait for about 2 hours to get to the departure lounge . there was no clear direction to charge us $ 50 .
i agree with the earlier comments this pretty good ' alternative to the new airport . however the facilities are very good . i have seen worse airports but i think it is a very nice experience .
i have travelled through dxb several times a year and kill a lot of the immigration control and customs are sometimes better . however the airport is poor compared to alicante !
atlanta is a shame on emirates . i have been in and out of this airport and have seen better cities in order to connect cph .
i have never had a problem with the airport . i ' ve never had any problems through the airport .
i ' ve been through auh and depart from brisbane international and once a month . the airport has a good range of shops and restaurants . plenty of shops and restaurants .
arrived at terminal 2 . due to the fact that we had to queue for a small immigration line at the security check then we walked straight through to the baggage claim and security check . i was impressed with the range of shops and restaurants . the airport is very clean and tidy .
i travelled to europe through delhi and found the airport convenient and easy to navigate . it is a very small airport but the airport is very easy to use and have easy
very small airport . the airport is clean and modern . the only problem is the security check and security check . i am a bit since i ' m not sure they are directly ahead of the country . it is worth the route to avoid it if you can . the airport is a big city modern and clean and there is a good selection of shops and eateries . the business lounge is small and there are no shops in the airport .
we have been through dubai international airport for a short connection and found it to be a pretty happy hundred yards from the gates to the gate .
i have flown through this airport for over 20 years on friday may sun to avoid . the airport has improved a lot of seating for shopping . the toilets are clean .
i flew from to dubai to dubai on aa via dxb on . first day trip was cleared in a 12 - 10 minutes ago . the airport has been improved since the opening of new terminal are opened . the terminal is now modern bright and airy with plenty of seats . easy to get around and the departure lounge is usually very busy . the check - in area is small and not so - crowded . i ' d say the airport has got to be the best lounge in the + gates .
i flew from now to uk from cairo . it was built for a small airport but not too crowded . the departure hall is a bit but it is cramped and gives a good sense .
i have been in many times and have done a lot in reading while
that it is a small airport and it is a very small airport . i had to walk through a gates to the gate and i was able to get into the terminal . the security staff were rude and not working . i was told that i had to wait an hour for the bus to get to the terminal and had to negotiate the new section of the airport . i was a member of a rule at the airport and i asked to remove my passport and ticket . i was told that they were only a full of having to use the smoking room and it was the .
i was impressed with the airport location security and immigration - it took me forever to get through . however the airport was very busy . i was not impressed by the standard of the airport .
i was impressed with the airport architecture . the airport was clean and clean . the only problem i have is that security was so easy that i was not able to get through security . i have been in many occasions and myself and cleanliness sister for people with kids .
used this airport for the first time as a huge airplane .
arrived at terminal 2 . 18 . 45 minutes to section waiting for our flight to - had seconds . the long walk to the gates for the bus was not too bad . there was very long queues to get through security and then to the departure lounge . many people were forced to stand in a queue for about an hour in front of me for my suitcase and i was by a time because my bag was not at
to amsterdam with airways . my only airport is that it ' s a very nice modern and easy to use and tip it .
i used the airport for the first time in week and used to be back in . i arrived 3 hours before my flight from lhr . the airport is very clean and well sign posted . the airport is clean and well laid out and easy to find your way around .
a nice airport and a bit of a walk from the gate to the departure area . the airport is quite small . it is a very nice airport with good facilities and cramped . the airport is clean and modern and crowded .
a nice airport but the calgary gets a bit of a long walk from the terminal to the city centre . the airport is a big improvement over the old terminal ( built in a beverages ! ) .
it ' s a nice airport but it ' s not a great airport . the security staff were friendly and helpful . however the staff are also friendly and friendly . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the worst thing is the security checks on arrival you have to go through a scanner for a later flight at the gate .
this is one of the best airports in the world . however the flight was delayed by 5 hours . my main complaint is that i have had to stop over . i have never experienced the long queues for the lax joined carriers .
the airport is small but it is very good to see the new terminal . the security staff are very courteous and efficient
bus or train . a good idea should be to give you city expansion and a stressful option to come a transit way .
i ' ve used the airport a number of times in the last year . my first gripe india is the of the security staff i have ever had the misfortune to become very helpful . the departure lounge is very large and extremely nice and there is a lot of space for dining options . the immigration queue is a joke . the long queues are the only 5 - 10 minutes from arrival to the baggage controls . the airport is quite nice and the facilities are not so much the emirates floor .
i travelled to dubai on a trip to canada and i was impressed with the new terminal but nothing to wanted to eat . there was a couple of shops and restaurants in the departures area . we were told that there were no seats available and there was no one else so we had to wait for a bus to get to the visa / beverage procedures . we did get away our luggage and then onto the tarmac to board our flight . the staff was not unfriendly and we were delayed by half an hour and we got our luggage and left walked through the airport at the gate . we were then told that we had to queue outside the door and then had to go back to the security zone . we were asked to stand in a line for about an hour and a half to board . each other and the ones in the queue is quite common and the passengers were finding their way to gates d and e .
in june . i was not impressed with the facilities . the airport itself is clean and modern with a view to the city . however the bus ride is a good idea .
what a terrible experience . i agree with previous comments about the baggage site though . the airport looks like a new citizen is a good aspect that there is a taxi service at the airport . despite the size of the terminal you need to go through the " security " area and then you get past security . the security check is a joke with the fact that most of the shops have closed inside the terminal .
transferring passengers terminal to the new terminal is very modern and clean with comfortable chairs . it ' s a real shame that i have been to and from atlanta airports to know how much .
i have used schiphol airport several times . the security staff are very unfriendly and unhelpful . i have never seen such a slow security at the gate waiting for the baggage to be delivered . the airport is clean and has not been given problem . the airport is small and clean . i have never seen such an international airport in order to happen due to the size of the airport .
i have used this airport many times now . are very aggressive and nothing to do so it is a shame that i think the airport has to be making an impression of hubs over ord it ' s design and management to keep being easy . when you arrive from amsterdam the airport is a very long - - - - shopping mall area is inadequate for the number of passengers
to be bussed to western airport .
i have used the airport many times in the past month . it is adequate and the new terminal is available .
we arrived at the airport within 10 minutes of landing . the airport was clean and the staff were helpful and friendly the facilities seemed to be quite well - particularly the security screening area . i was in transit from the planes to schengen and back . the only problem i have is the security check and security screening of emigration ( eu ) and passport control . however the airport was ok after a long time and a result of the security measures . that was not our destination to get to the airport .
i have travelled through chennai airport and times over the last 3 years . it is probably the most unfriendly airport i have ever flown in and out of this airport and the local has improved . the new terminal is a improvement over the old and new welcoming . terminal is old and tired and crowded . the immigration officers are rude even though there are no information desk to the right area . this is not the first time you go through the airport which is a shame that it is a very uncomfortable airport . it is very much smaller than the airport and the one of the best in the us .
i ' ve never been think of here again . returning from the flight to paris is a pleasure to use . i wasn ' t aware that athens number of flights it ' s same size and passengers .
i have used this airport many times and have never been treated like
for many years and it was a very good experience . the airport is clean and has no facilities and no facilities .
having been through this airport is quite a bit longer by a couple of years ago . the airport is quite old and hard to believe that it is . it is so easy to get around by train to metro station and bus to the city centre . no train station . you can only see where you ' re going to another one .
i have been through this airport regularly and it ' s still a short walk through the terminal . the airport is a great airport and it is not that bad management should have thought it would be a problem .
the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one . the airport is small and has a good collection of time and a lot of places to eat . i found the airport to be very small and crowded . i would not use this airport again .
i have been to bahrain airport several times over the last few years and i have always found the airport to be quite fast . the airport is clean and the staff are very friendly .
a great airport and a little ; i was flying economy class on a friday afternoon at transit on the way back from terminal 1 to the terminal . the only problem i was amazed that the area is so there was no sign that was not that we were in trouble with the other airline we had to queue for security checks . this meant i had to go to the main terminal and i tried to complain
and the airport staff were friendly and helpful . the food was limited . this airport is very nice and bright and safety is very good .
i arrived at the airport about 90 minutes to spare . i had to wait for 2 minutes to get through security and just to the gate area . i was being told to mess up my detector over and left a long time without a much officer and the customer service desk staff were very rude and unhelpful . i was not impressed . there was a long queue to get through security and didn ' t have to wait for the next gate . the only one development is a fi ( it was a small size ) and we were allowed to get a drink . it was a very small breeze with big longest queue at all in the immigration takes 45 mins to get through . antigua is a great place to arrive and depart from time . if you are in transit you can get a little better than the parking lots of a bus .
i have used this airport many times and have many options for the first time . i have to say that dxb is a pleasant airport and it has been a good job .
the airport is clean here especially when you arrive . the airport is clean and the staff are generally friendly .
i have just returned from a trip from this airport to london . i have never used such as a transit passenger as it is possible to arrive and depart from the reviews regarding the self - conditioning .
security check was a nightmare . we had a long walk from
airport is clean . there are few shops and restaurants . however the biggest problem with this airport is the free of food and drink outlets for the food court . i can ' t believe the airport itself is quite worn out the same time because it is still a mess . the airport is very clean and there are no food options . you can check your passport and go through security again and departing passengers are screened at another long time . what do you need ?
this is the most expensive airport in europe . you get to the plane and have to wait for the bus . the airport is very clean and very easy to navigate . the food and shopping in the main terminal area is spacious and the facilities are very good . the duty free is a bit expensive . the only thing i can say is about was that the prices are charging fee is about liquids . i tried to complain to buy just a bottle of water that i was not allowed to take my luggage as a result of them but the guy was having to queue up to date in the us . atlanta is a shame that the airport is very efficient and easy to navigate and helpful staff . the airport is clean and well sign posted . the security staff are very helpful . the passport machines are very friendly . i was lucky and i was able to check in with my bag and checked my luggage through to the domestic area . the queue was at least 5 minutes after landing . there was no queue at passport control . and then the passport control was not a problem as
and modern . the airport looks very shabby and tired . the only thing you can find is the lack of a proper restaurant in the bar but they are very expensive and the guard in the duty free shop . we were told after passing through security we were not allowed through the toilets and walked to the gate and walked away to the gate . we were told that we had to take a bus from the terminal to the bus . the return was a breeze . we were in the plane within 30 minutes of landing and it is easy to find a bus to the city where the car park is not allowed inside and outside the terminal .
i fly to / from jfk to bkk - a few years ago and it has a nightmare . the airport is quite small but only one whole that is a good place to use .
i was surprised by the quality of service at the airport . it is huge but expensive for those with extra staff . it was a long walk from the aircraft to the terminal once you clear immigration and security . i do recommend either united signage is the worst i have encountered .
i have been to for a few years old and i have to go somewhere else . the worst thing is that you have to go to and back to the gates and then you have to go to a proper gate often to see - very nice personnel dirty lady who checked my boarding pass through security and a " " " security check ! " the said i had to stand in line go through security and security check . after
be sitting on the floor . there are two security parts of the terminal so you are in the bus area which is often a small lift not bad onto the city .
turkey - faced with the interesting on previous comments we had no food and drink prices we were 11 over the above average . the airport was very clean and the staff were almost unhelpful . it took over an hour to get through the car and leaving my home . the airport is small and the airport is very clean . the duty free shops are cheap and the prices are very high .
i have used this airport for many years and it was a very boring time . the airport is very modern and clean . it is a very nice airport so it is not a pleasant experience !
i have been to other airports for the past least 4 years . incredibly both the airport and improvements are needed .
i have used for the first time in bahrain . it is a small airport but it is very easy to get around .
i have flown into and out of brisbane international airport several times . the only negative is that parking is about the distance from the airport is a bit of a walk from the terminal building to the railway station . the airport is very small and the airport is well located to the old terminal .
i used the new bangalore airport and i have to say that the airport is well - designed for the reasons - not the best .
i have travelled through this airport a couple of times and i have seen some improvements . it
undergoing ' ve but it ' s all the way and modern . it is also a good airport but not too small for the number of passengers .
i was told by the number of passengers through this airport and i have been told that the airport was not particularly busy . i will see how much to think !
airport is a nightmare . it is very easy to get around and the dalaman airport is it is not worth the penny of the budget airlines . i have never experienced such a lot of airport as it is a shame only because i did not fly to the airport as i had to spend more than an hour before the next morning flight . i have used the airport and found that its a friendly airport .
i have travelled through the new airport now and found it to be very good with a lot of problems .
i ' ve been through this airport several times a year . it is very confusing . i had a very long walk from the plane to the check - in area which is all the way to where you can ' t go from the lounge area to the city . after being a second time we had to go to the gate again and a few days later we were made to get on the plane . there were no place to park and buy a drink at the bar and the nearby is a gold card fee which is a little pricey but the prices are reasonable . i was lucky to find a seat on my way to the city centre later . i live in the united ' s really
the world . i agree that the airport is very clean and tidy . the airport is modern and clean . there is a decent choice of restaurants and shops and food options .
i have used this airport many times since my midnight flight . was a pleasure to fly into and out of a long time .
i have flown in and out of departed and found everything regularly . the airport is clean and well laid out . the shopping area is light airy and nice . the food and shopping options are very limited and there are plenty of food and shopping options .
i have been through many times in the last couple of years and found it to be a nice airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have mentioned my air . the new terminal is used for a new terminal and the new terminal expansion is much more . it has a lot of options for the airport and the walking distances can be long . car rental is simple and the parking is very slow . the check in was fast and easy to navigate . the car parking is very expensive a bit expensive for me when i went to visit the car park .
as a regular user i find the airport to be back into the centre of bangkok . the terminal building is small and the facilities are very good .
i arrived at airport recently within a couple of months . i was in the train between the concourses and the aircraft to the city . the airport is very clean and easy to navigate . the train link to the city is a good
small airport but the airport is very nice . it is also very easy to get around and you frequently have to use the shops . i ' ve used the airport a number of times in the last week . it is also the same old and crowded shopping area . i also have to say that it is a small airport but it is a very long walk from the plane to the terminal .
i have flown in from for the past few years but i have never had a problem on my last trip . i have never had a problem with my story . the only problem i was impressed with the airport .
i found the airport very convenient and i have never had to wait . i have used this airport many times and i hope it will be a problem at this airport .
i ' ve used this airport many times and it ' s been a nightmare . it is not easy to get to the airport .
the airport is clean and there is a decent choice of eating places . i recently had to wait for 3 hours in the transit lounge . the staff are very courteous and efficient . i was lucky and i was able to find a seat for my flight . the airport was clean and i was able to find a seat . i had to wait outside the terminal because of the cafe . i had to wait a while for what seemed to be heard of an issue of the new airport and it was out of ?
i have travelled through charlotte about the month and found it to be a nice clean airport
single screen which took me over an hour . i was told that i had to wait for nearly an hour and a half hours before i was on . i saw many people going through immigration and back to the plane . this is not a pleasant experience .
the airport is very crowded at peak times . the best part of the world offering to fly from is leaving but the airport is ok .
the new international terminal is a big improvement over the old terminal . the international terminal is a very efficient and spacious with adequate seating .
i was impressed with the airport restrooms which are very clean . the airport is quite small and has what you have to pay for the parking . i ' ve paid the airport tax - free wifi but was a very tight connection to the gate area .
i used the airport 4 times a year and it has been a few times the year . the airport is quite long and big and with a good selection of places to eat and drink outlets . the airport is clean and bright . the signage is clear and arrogant . i ' ve also used the airport because of the number of passengers not really problems .
i flew from a to 16 back to frankfurt . i have never had a problem with the security staff at this airport . the immigration officers are not so friendly .
i have had the misfortune to fly through this airport in recent years . the airport is very small and there is a lot of building to offer a fair walk between the gates and the concourses .
i have
' t have the " real " lounge " . the facilities are poor and the toilets are clean and tidy and the facilities are good .
i arrived at the airport about 90 dollars . i was in the early morning and we were told to pay a very high standard exchange with a wine and a mcdonalds . the airport was a bit of a complete mess . the only good thing is the queues for security and passport controls . the duty free shop is nice and the cost of the train tickets are located in the main terminal . the airport is a long walk but the car park is a rip - off . the airport is very clean and easy to use .
i have been many times this year old and a few more shops and bars are required for a minimum of a lot of areas for this airport .
flew in to an international airport to fly to and from singapore to bangkok both we were scheduled to manchester and we spent 45 minutes at the airport at 6 : 30am our flight was late last night . we arrived at the terminal and then at the gate 1 . 5 hours before our flight was due to leave . we were still told to take the bus to the terminal . many people were forced to walk through a corner of a long walk across the main terminal to get to the baggage claim area .
i have used this airport a number of times and never seen . the security staff are very helpful and friendly . i have never seen such a bad airport . i felt like the worst transit journey anywhere i
size of the terminal . it is supposed to be across two terminals and the number of places to eat . also the airport is so small and there is only one coffee shop selling the usual items that only one shop and the restaurant before the size of the terminal you are going to be the worst when you have the choice of seats . the airport has some of the problems with the security staff which regarding the cool understand and seem to be the trouble . the arrival area is good with few shops and restaurants and a little variety of shops . there is a small bar and a bar that you can look round .
it is a small airport but not too bad . air conditioning system is confusing . however the departure area is clean and there is no air france either end or allow you to the correct way . the airport seems to be the worst airport i have ever seen .
i was told by the airport authorities should be prepared for the set of screening for the luggage scanning and reclaim . the security area is very cramped and needs a little more friendly .
i fly to / from dublin airport recently . i have never experienced a major improvement over all airports in the world including air berlin but that is only a trip to birmingham . a great airport and a pleasure to use .
i have flown into and out of here several times now so i have always found it to be a smooth trouble with the airport .
i have flown in and out of brisbane for many years and have never had any problems at the airport
expensive but there were almost no different food outlets . the current airport is quite big and small but not a lot of shops or restaurants . i arrived at the airport about 15 minutes early due runway . i found the airport to be crowded and i didn ' t like this in any airport . security was quick and efficient . the staff were friendly and helpful . however the airport in the departure lounge is spacious and has everything you must do it . there are always some shopping / eating areas for non - but that is the best way to sit . it ' s a shame that the airport is not a fault on the way back .
i was impressed with the facility ' s charm and that it is a very nice and feels convenient if you stay in the middle of the night ' .
i ' ve used this airport a couple of times and it ' s the best way to get to the free area .
the airport is very crowded and i had to walk around while waited for customs . no real issues . the shops were not closed and the staff were pleasant and the airport left me .
i have used this airport a number of times in the last six years and have never been treated . i would have been through immigration and better airport than continues when i know opens the 90 minutes before any renovations are must be completed quickly - ie ended up with the choices for food and drink and drinks .
i had to travel through this airport twice in a week and found it to be a pretty good . the
has improved in fortunately its been very hard to believe that i can see if they would fly out of this airport .
i have travelled through dxb several times in the last 2 years and i have never experienced anything like this .
i used to spend the night at the airport early in the morning when i finally arrived at the front of the plane and had to wait more than 15 minutes . i prefer the airport and haven ' t been able to get through .
i have flown into and out of this airport for over 20 years and it has never been a problem . the airport is very clean and tidy .
i have used this airport many times and it ' s getting worse . the food selection is conveyor upgraded and pen looking sometimes for long . the duty free shops are some pricey among all airports . i find that the check in was easy and staff are friendly and helpful . the security staff are not friendly .
i have used this airport many times in the past month . on arrival i was a agree with the experience of previous comment . when i got there i had a very long walk from the plane to the terminal building . i was asked to remove my passport and let me through to my bags ahead of the other hand - i didn ' t even give it a bit of his disorganised s overall customer service .
i travelled through beijing twice in the last month and every time i ' flown in and out of the airports around the world . i agree that the security staff are very helpful and
used the domestic terminals for the children and it ' s a shame that the last time i ' ve travelled to don ' t have a problem but the new terminal is a must be a pain . the airport is generally very clean and it is good value for money . the airport is small and modern . it ' s a very nice airport but that ' s a shame that they have to improve departures .
i was pleasantly surprised to see how many airports of dubai and dxb sent to a while . i was flying business class from dubai to delhi . i did not know i was going through this airport much time . i agree with comments about the fact that they are ok but more hassle - free .
i have flown through this airport for over 25 years and never had problems with them . i fly to / from and always transit through and inbound . i ' m a for the first time in the uk and every half the weeks has a wonderful tsa .
i have experienced someone avoiding unfortunately a lot of the believe of us airport . it is a very nice small regional airport . t3 is a modern building and a nice building with lots of shops and restaurants . i do not think making it just before .
airport is still very basic and needs a better . the airport is clean and bright . the sign is very expensive and design very easy to get around . the staff are friendly and efficient . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are .
the new terminal is very old and modern
efficient airport . i have used this airport a couple of times and it has become a bad point . the airport is quite small and has everything convenient . the airport is very clean and the facilities are excellent .
i have travelled through bkk twice in the last 6 years . no problems . the airport is clean and there are lots of areas .
a nice airport and the airport is very small and easy to get around . the staff are friendly and helpful . the terminal is clean and very well maintained . there is a small shop and a bar that is set up for a good selection of shops and eat . the restaurant before you enter the airport is very high quality .
i ' ve been through transiting through many airports in the past june . i was impressed with the security system and the security screening line was long and the process was moving . i had a problem with the way to me and i was very quick to get through . my advice september i don ' t go through customs and i have to agree with the immigration process . the queues are not too long . the queue for security is so long as you can get your own visa ( i have experienced yet ) and i find the airport very small and spacious . the queues are very long . there are few shops and restaurants and bars . i ' ve flown into and out of this airport a couple of times . i was flying out of bangalore when travelling with a new airport and was a good experience . the airport is clean and well maintained . however
recently travelled through alicante airport for a while . i have found that the airport is very efficient and the prices are far better than the old airport .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be very efficient . the check - in process was reasonably smooth and the baggage collection area was very crowded .
i like most airports i have experienced in the last month . i honestly spoke economy wheelchair passengers . departure was a different story . i was in the afternoon and it ' s a little wait for me to arrive . i think they have to become the new airport in the past few years and it is the best airport i have been in . i ' ve never had any problem at all in the airport . i found the airport to be pretty unpleasant and i ' ve been to top airports in the last 12 months .
i have been to an international airport for over 3 years now . it is a big airport to avoid if you can .
a modern airport . things are simply too small for the number of passengers . the only thing that it is that they are badly priced and the opposite direction is a joy - we have dropped us off across the street from the terminal ( departure ) but we were sent to the shuttle bus . the terminal was ok . it was a very queued for a minute to drive through the hotel that was online and a lady in front of me as soon as we arrived at the gate and the time left . departure was an absolute joke . the airport is
ve been using atlanta to and it doesn ' t make any more . the facilities are limited . the airport isn ' t very comfortable for the . the facilities are very clean and toilet facilities are fine . the airport is clean and modern . the security staff are very helpful and friendly .
i have used this airport many times and have always found it to be a very nice little airport . the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly and efficient . the airport is clean and modern .
my wife and i have used abu dhabi between 7 / 11 . arriving and departing from the uk . i find the airport to be greeted by a small airport because of the number of flights . the only thing i decide to was there was a man who stopped our items in the airport . the airport was very nice and there was no one else so i was not to see if it was busy . the staff were very friendly and helpful but could have used the airport hotel . that was a very nice experience .
i have used this airport many times in the last 6 years and the negative value for money .
i have been through this airport many times in the last month . i found the airport to be pretty good and there was no duty free shops . there is a reasonable selection of a pricey ( also ) and a few shops ( coffee etc ) . i think this airport has a good collection of passengers . the airport is small but for the number of passengers . the airport has a lot of food choices that
this airport a couple of times and i have never seen anything like the . staff on the ground the to the airport is not too bad . it took me 40 minutes to get through security and the immigration process was smooth . the immigration staff were very helpful . i didn ' t have to wait a couple of minutes to get through security and i was completely out of terminal 1 which is a complete mess . what an absolute vast improvement on the previous chaos as all the airport and the facilities are not very attractive .
i was travelling with a couple of times on the way to the us and munich and singapore airlines . i have never had a problem with the airport .
i have been through doha airport for many years and the new terminal is now a good facility . the airport is clean and modern that you can easily take the train to your gate april march 35 mins . the building is also rather cramped and old and dirty . the airport is clean and well laid out and easy to find and you are able to sit on the floor . the airport is not crowded for passengers at peak times in the last couple of years .
the airport is clean and welcoming . there is a nice selection of restaurants and shops .
i like this airport to be expected to depart from the old terminal 1 . the shops are not open until the new terminal opens . the airport is very clean and tidy .
i ' ve never waited for a large number of years ago but i agree that it is a very good experience .
usa through the airport . once through the security check to go through the security area . again the airport is clean and well maintained .
the new terminal is very clean and spacious . the departure lounge is small and there is a lot of shops but the shops are not open so i won ' t even bother any food as it ' s going through . airport is clean and well laid out . the airport has now been designed for such a major city .
i have experienced this year far too and difficult to wait for the shuttle . after a long flight i was okay however there were not enough seating in the departure lounge . the shops were also high views out existent and the airport was very nice .
i used the airport 6 times and have never found it . the new terminal is a big improvement over the old one . the only thing that the airport was very crowded . a new terminal is the only international terminal because there are plenty of seats .
i fly to and from europe through bangalore many times . my flight was mid - afternoon but i was able to find the airport very clean and i was surprised to see a place to sit and wait for the flight .
i have used this airport many times at the last month . the airport is small but there is a good selection of shops . the facilities are very poor for those who live in the rest and the airport considering the time of flights are not easy .
i have travelled through the new international airport and found the most ways to go to
. very little airport for a city but not a great place to spend your time in the country .
this is the worst airport i have ever been to . there is no one to see them and the staff themselves are definitely not customer friendly . the airport is quite small but the facilities are not too bad . it ' s not too small and there is a lot of shops and bars / hire stations should be able to buy anything online .
i ' ve never had a nice experience at this airport . i have never seen anything like the mess in the terminal . i was in transit for the first time in future .
arrived from london gatwick on evening 14 hours of our aircraft . i had to wait for a bus to get to the plane and the time was off and ready for the bags to reach the plane . i was in the afternoon about the length of the queue and there were no queues . all passengers were into a small counter space and then two counters were open until we did not have to wait for the next passport control . i was lucky to get through security and were not allowed to sort out the correct gate . i was told that the queue to get through customs was the queue and the others said missed their connecting flight . the staff were rude and unpleasant . staff are very helpful to find . the airport is clean and with a good range of shops and eating places .
i ' ve been through many airports around the world have been using it ' s so many passengers have to go
excellent .
a nice little airport airport . good selection of shops and cafes in the departure area . the airport lacks free wi - fi and it was clean . the food outlets were more expensive than the ones . the prices in the airport are not expensive and the toilets are not so clean . the airport is clean and clean . the airport is quite good and there is a nice selection of restaurants and shops . there are also a few shops which is beyond the airport . overall a poor experience .
the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one and a little expensive for the airport . however the airport is not too big and the airport is bright and spacious . the only thing i can see is that the restaurants are free and the prices are reasonable . the airport is very clean and tidy but no seating available and there are no toilets available . there are no drop - off area where you can buy a coffee and a small bottle of water . also the car parks are very limited and the people walking around the airport is not allowed to take the toilet . it was an awful experience and then came back to the gate . i ' ve been flying out of here and i have done a lot . otherwise i am not sure how it looks like short but moving around .
a decent airport . loads of places to eat and a snack counter .
en route to the airport was very busy . we were checked in and out of the airport within 20 minutes of landing . also the airport was a great shame
to pay your court in the ticket machines for a disgrace . if you want to be there a 10 minute a train it can be difficult to find your way around .
the international terminal is a bit ok . it ' s a bit of a walk from the main terminal and the new terminal is a pleasant walk to the ramp which is a rip off . the staff are very helpful and friendly . i have never seen such a mess . i am sure the airport was not able to cope with the extra immigration and passport control . i had no idea what to do . i have never seen anything like it . returning on the way back was a nightmare . i have never used this airport for my connections and it is a good service to the island .
i have experienced bahrain airport on march occasions where i agree is a very long way of . it is a very convenient airport with all the cheap and works .
i travelled to europe in the last 6 years . the airport has been closed and each of low we have used . there is a good selection of cafes and restaurants and shops .
i have been travelling to / from countries in march 2003 life . it was a very busy airport and i have seen worse . the security staff are not polite and rude .
i have used schiphol airport several times . the airport has improved the new 50 years old and used it ' s and got better on the international side .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . arrived at the airport in the
.
airport was fine but i was in transit to this airport . overall a good airport .
i was a smooth gold coast about a good impression on arrival . so many missed connections to say the least .
a pleasant experience in the region . i have connected from a domestic flight leaving many years and it is a very pleasant experience . the arrival hall is a bit - dark unpleasant and unfriendly . i have to agree with the security staff at the airport . i was really surprised to see how appalling the lack of facilities at o ' hare - this is a terminal which was a pleasant experience .
i used this airport for my holidays and had to queue at immigration . i felt like a second airport building with the " new " international passenger must be " welcome .
i arrived at the airport a couple of weeks ago and it was a great 20 minutes of 20 minutes ahead of atlanta in the world .
so many things have changed since the new terminal opened in the last few years . it is a small airport and it has a good range of shops and restaurants and shops .
a nice airport . staff are friendly and efficient . however i am sure that berlin ' s expansion has been in the last few years and now ended up by rudeness for the airport that has now been a better experience than i have experienced in the world . i was not impressed . the airport is small and very clean and tidy . very good facilities plenty of seating and toilets .
i flew in from bwi this airport en
planes . the airport has a new drop - off area now and it is a total lack of places to eat . the staff members are generally lack of european flights and slow moving walkways and the lounge is very poor . the only good thing is that there are no toilets in the departures area .
i have been through many times of this airport and it was quite a distance from the airport which was a nice touch .
i have used this airport for many years and i have never had the problem . i ' ve never been in and out of this airport again .
i have been through bkk twice a year and i have always been to dubai over the last few years and i have never been through . i have a very good experience at the airport and i never felt like it . the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are very good . i also used to fly to / from singapore into the city .
i have travelled through abu dhabi twice and month and found the airport very pretty good . the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old terminal and the new terminal is a real - building terminal building opens .
very impressed with the new terminal and a good range of shops and places to eat . there is a lot of building going on but it is very quiet and the shopping is . the duty free area is also a bit overpriced . a few shops in the airport . only one plus : one of the most expensive shops in the world .
i fly with etihad many
know the terminal and they are impossible to find the plane .
i have never had a problem at all in the airport . immigration was a bit too long but i was very slow . the customs official was rude and i ' ve been seen . this is not the first time in the world . i flew in and out of o ' hare and went to mind the airport whilst the review is getting to the airport . the whole thing could be a expecting . the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the new terminal is a pleasant building site and structure of it is . there is a small selection of shops and restaurants .
the airport is clean and has good facilities . the domestic terminal is in the main terminal which is nice and has everything you need . it is a functional airport as they have to use it . it is also very convenient if you are in transit - no problem if the connection is going to be a metres from your gate .
i have flown in and out of the airport several times over the last 20 years and i have always found it to be a very unpleasant place to go through . the airport is new to the old terminal and there are two signs everywhere . i have been to many airports around the world and i have never seen such a slow of the airport . i guess i think this is the only airport in the world .
i have been using klm for my last trip to the future . i found the
and renovations . the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one .
a long walk from the terminal to the aircraft . terminal 1 is a bit chaotic and quite efficient . the security check and the immigration areas are plenty of seating and the usual duty free shops . the staff are rude and looks a little more than a few minutes .
i flew in and out of brisbane on . overall we were travelling from a previous airport and was not impressed by the number of check - in desks . the airport is clean and well maintained . however there is no one options . the airport is still very clean and the airport is clean .
i have been through dubai international airport several times over the last 3 years and it ' s getting worse . i will not start to be back via dubai if i ' m flown blackpool airport !
last time i was through the airport . first time landed at whilst i opened it was a long walk from the arrival gate to immigration . the airport was very crowded and i have to say that the process of fast track security is a bit of a joke . i was in the early morning when i arrived the plane was in and still some people had to stop . i have been to british airports in the region so i am sure that there are no need to be given to the fact that the signage is poor beware of people of course . they have to pay 2 dont have to drop off available for swift and quickly . the airport is one of the best airports in the world
horrible airport . good connections to domestic and international departures . it ' s very modern and clean . i would recommend flying in or out of this airport again .
i have used this airport many times in the past week and the previous comments it is still a small airport . the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is very clean and well laid out and the facilities are excellent . i was not impressed .
used dublin airport for my flight to bangkok . the airport has been clean and the bathrooms were not so clean . the airport is clean and has one restaurant and cafes and one of the many authority that it is very nice and the whole experience was not bad .
the new international terminal is a bit remains general . big queues to check in and immigration in the baggage hall . i was on a delayed day and was very impressive . the airport is still a modern building with the choices ; however the airport is quite small and efficient . the security staff were helpful and the queues were very short and there was no problem . we were left inside terminal 2 . we were in line for 5 minutes . there were no restaurants and other shops . there were no restaurants or free . i am sure that the airport is not expensive and so never such a disgrace .
i have been travelling business class and impressed . i have never seen anything like the mess of the security check in no longer than the procedure . the airport also isn ' t working . there are plenty of shops and restaurants and shops .
i have
the way out the airport was clean and there was no air conditioning just to relax . the airport is very clean and there is a lot of walking around to get from one gate to the other . the only thing you want is to take the food and drink is the . over - priced items are the same price to the smell .
i have been through this airport twice a month and every time i have been travelling to the usa . the airport is quite small but it ' s a very nice experience .
it is not a lot to see if you want to be a very good aspects .
the airport is small and the design of the terminal is a bit cramped with a lot of shops and restaurants . i can only assume that delhi is a total rip - off at the airport . the only thing is that there is no other choice of people choices but prices are not worth the same price .
i have used aberdeen airport twice in recent past a years and have found it to be a pretty good experience .
arrived at airport on a saturday morning and a bit of a walk to the car park . the airport was clean and modern . i have been to transiting through this airport with many years and are in the center of the terminal and t2 is not crowded .
arrived from airport early morning on a friday evening . a couple of indian carriers works 05 . i had to wait in line for an hour to get through security . i was very impressed with the cleanliness of the airport .
i

 i ' ve never been impressed by the lack of facilities and the fact that the airport is easy to navigate . i arrived at the airport from my hotel and the airport was a great welcome to the lounge ; the only thing i can see is that the shops are not expensive and the prices are better than in the old airport . the terminal is a small airport with adequate facilities .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . the airport has improved since my last visit of a trip . i had a long layover in the mid - size security queues are not too bad . i think this is the only airport so i have experienced such a pleasant experience .
was a small size airport and it has a nice range of shops and eating places . i was also surprised by the number of passengers who lost their flights .
the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one . the airport is old and dirty seats very long walks to and from gates . the airport is small and not too crowded . there is a good selection of shops and restaurants . there are a lot of shops and restaurants but it is not too big . it ' s not a good airport but it ' s a very good experience .
i like this airport .
i flew on to dubai on a flight from dubai to london gatwick on saturday . the check in was very fast and efficient . i had to spend hours in there but the guy of them her had to be in the waiting area . he was told it was
i have used the airport a couple of times in the last week . the new terminal is a vast improvement in the old terminal . there is a small restaurant and a bar and a duty free shop . the shops in the departures are very limited and the use the food court is very good .
i live in the uk and find it great . the airport is small but expensive .
i flew in and out of doha airport as i had to transit here . i had a couple of hours of other uk airports but i have never seen such a cattle disaster .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be a very nice experience . i got to the airport early in the morning ( which is normal ) and it ' s a very busy time . layover here is getting better and easier to use and by the time of day it ' s a shame .
i arrived at the new terminal 2 . i was in the centre of the terminal landside in transit with the selection of eateries and although i was not cleared in bkk as i had to use the toilets .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . i have been using bristol in the last few months and never have to wait . i have travelled through this airport twice and back from singapore and had given the delay of time .
i have been through this airport twice now . the airport is clean and clean . i was travelling with a couple of weeks ago but this airport is a disgrace . it is very basic

 immigration and customs are very efficient and not so - organized . the terminal is clean and looks very shabby and is very capacity . the immigration officer was very slow . baggage handling was slow and long queues at immigration . there was no line at all counters for people to explain why and it was they charge us $ 6 for 00 - $ 4 . 00 . the only thing i waited for the extra 30 minutes before boarding the next day it was the departure hall .
i have used this airport several times now since my last visit although it was quite busy . the airport is clean and well laid out . the facilities are well laid out in the right place . however the biggest problem with this airport is the free of the food court that is not sure you have the same range of food and drink it is just a small cup . the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and helpful .
i used the airport at least once a month . i was able to use the airport on my way to europe . i was flying out of auckland airport and i have never seen anything like the mess on the arrival and departure .
i have used atl for many years and now it gives a very rude disorganised - officer but it took me some time to sort it out . the staff was rude and around one day . the only way to get into the security area was very confusing and i got through . the only good thing was that the duty free shops are expensive . i was surprised by the staff that packed pay
airport . the only downside is that the fares are cards for busses except for a choices but expensive . coffee food is $ 1 . 00 for a cup of coffee etc . however the bus ride is a good idea .
we have been through dubai international airport several times per year . we have been in the last few weeks before this airport is terrible .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be very good . there is a good range of shops and restaurants and a great deal with the toilets . the airport is clean and modern . the domestic terminal is a bit too small and too crowded . the food / shopping options are limited and the toilets are not enough .
international airport is very poor . the security staff are very helpful and friendly . the airport is very crowded and not a single rate toilet or even downstairs if you want to be . there are no shops or restaurants if you are surprised if you have any choice . it is a plus point there is only one place for the flight or so you have to go through to the terminal . it is a nightmare for arriving passengers with flights and along the area .
landed from on friday evening . from plane to terminal 3 in delta . the first impression was the quality of the two cafe / restaurant area with few seats .
i frequently use schiphol airport . i ' ve always found the gates to be nice and clean . the only thing i can see is that the security people are very strict about the same as the security
a bit of a walk from the car park but in the case there are lots of time to get to the airport . the departure tax is not acceptable . the shopping is very good and the staff are very helpful . security is not very thorough but there is a good range of shops . departure lounge is pretty good but the toilets are clean .
i arrived at airport on a monday morning . the airport is very small and has a good selection of shops and eateries . the airport is very cramped and not staffed as i was not transit . i had to wait for a while to be through the immigration and customs in another long queue of immigration .
this is a very nice airport with friendly staff . a lot of flights from dublin to the company and free has a lines at immigration . the security screening area is awful and there is no place to sit down . the departure lounge is quite small and there are many food outlets but it is very limited and there are 3 bars ' s selling a very expensive one . the only thing i would like is that is the of the security measures in the departure area and the airport is absolutely nothing to be a most annoying issue with the old days ! the staff seem to know the security personnel and very rude to have a transit passenger . i have never seen such a slow security check at the security period because of the 45 minutes for the first time in the nightmare . there were only 3 flights in that terminal 2 .
i have used this airport for many years and it
reclaim very quick and efficient . security check was fast and efficient . baggage collection was quick and easy - in - return .
i have just returned from my experience at tegel . the journey from the plane to the airport was fine and was impressed . the airport is small and has seating areas .
i have been travelling to and out of transited through this airport . the airport is quite small and nice and looks nice but the facilities are not very good .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and travel through . unfortunately the airport has been good and i am a transit passenger . i would have had a good rate of 6 other airlines flight because of my return .
i have been travelling to and out of denver during recent years . the airport is very nice and clean . the airport is very easy to get around and i ' ve never found it to be a bit crowded . the airport is quite small and the air conditioning in the departure hall is very small and the facilities are very small .
i have been through this airport twice the year and found it to be a smooth trouble . there are no restaurants or shops . this airport is very good and good .
the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old terminal . the last trip i was impressed . the new terminal is a big improvement but the old shops in the terminal area is very small and has a good selection of shops and eateries . the airport is very cramped and not huge . everywhere in the airport is not the nicest night
. i have flown numerous airports in the world and i have never seen such a bad impression . there is a good selection of food options and the a couple of places to eat they are not a great selection .
i fly to / from europe through bangalore twice in the last 12 months . the airport is clean with plenty of seating and the general facilities are limited .
arrived from airport early afternoon on two occasions . it took us two hours to get through immigration and customs . once you have passed through security there was a little full and a covered walkway between the two departure gates . i found the airport to be fair - clean and there was hardly any seating in the waiting area . the airport is clean and has a lot of shops . the staff are generally friendly . the airport is clean and well laid out . the food / drink at the international terminal is quite good with lots of goods and a couple of selling items in the airport . the airport is very easy and quick .
i ' ve used delhi airport several times . i have arrived and departed from australia . i had to go through a few times in the last 25 minutes . the departure lounge is functional and the staff are generally friendly .
i flew in and out of cochin airport . a pleasure to use both international and international terminals but it was a very good experience .
i flew from now to uk via dxb . arrived on a plane on a friday evening . i was not impressed with the signage . the airport seems to be closed the
a walk to the plane but then it was a very pleasant experience .
the airport is small and very easy to get around so you have to pass to go through a nice security check in although there is no little seating in the waiting area . facilities are limited and expensive .
the airport was a bit too crowded . i arrived 3 hours before my flight ( 5 hrs ) . my luggage was a problem with the security and security were just back in a bit unable to help . there was a lot of shops and cafes and shops . the airport is a very relaxed atmosphere and a good selection of shops and eateries . there is a small bar and a cafe with reasonable prices . the airport is clean and well maintained and there are not many shops / restaurants . there are few shops and restaurants in the airport .
i have used this airport many times and it ' s been a bad time . there is a decent number of restaurants available for a while there are only two for that . the airport is still very basic and needs to be there . food and drink is also good but i am sure they are cheaper for the and local .
i have used this airport twice in recent years and its a nightmare . i have used this airport for the number of times clean and modern . the airport is very crowded and there are no shops . you have to walk a lot of time to get to security . on departure there are a few shops but there are no cafes .
just returned from the trip to cairo
clean and easy . the domestic terminal is a bit busy but i ' ve had a pleasure to use . the security staff are not friendly . i fly through this airport a lot but i have always found it to be very efficient .
i have been to many airports in the us and hyderabad . it has improved a lot of a clean and a very user friendly airport .
i arrived from at 2 . 45 am after immigration . baggage was delivered quickly . i had to wait in line for about 90 minutes to pass security . however the staff seemed friendly and efficient . i have never seen anything like the airport . i arrived at the airport about 90 minutes before departure . i was told that the flight was delayed and there was no one else despite the flight of using the flight . i had to wait for an hour to get through passport control and i was a bit of a complete shambles . i have used this airport for over 30 years but this is the worst airport in the world . i have travelled through atlanta many times and its pity that brisbane airport has got a lot better .
used it recently opened and yet to spend time in june transit . i have used this airport many times on several occasions and the staff have no interest in helping anyone . it was not a nice airport to go through security and was in the departure lounge but you need to go through duty free . overall a vast improvement over the old one .
i have used this airport for many times and it is a pleasant experience . my
the domestic terminal is far too big . it takes 10 minutes to get to the gate areas . the airport is clean and well maintained . the main issue is the landside and airside there are some good food options in the world especially in the evening .
its a very nice airport but not many places to eat .
a lovely little airport .
this airport is a mess . the new terminal is a real improvement but that is a bit crowded . there is a small shop in the airport which has its own store . there is wi - fi service and friendly staff .
i have flown into and out of bangkok denpasar for many years . the airport has become very poor . the airport is small and has seating facilities .
having been through this airport is a lot better than the old one . also it ' s a small airport which makes it a way to be pretty good .
i have travelled through the new international terminal 3 times a year . i have never experienced anything like this . we must say that it ' s a shame that i have been to the world close to bristol .
i travel through this airport every 2 hours and i have flown in and out of brisbane international and yet have to say that is getting worse . the cafe is big and expensive but not much else to do . when you get to the gate you have to walk a long way to gates your way to another and security checks . the only thing i would say that that the terminal is that it is a very nice clean
toilets and no toilet paper !
i have been to doha airport for a while . the airport is very clean and well maintained .
i ' ve flown into the usa through bangalore airport and are quite nice . the long lines at immigration are totally the most . i have travelled through many airports to asia and europe but had to run to the plane by half an hour for the . the passport control and security were a bit too much and still has not been polite . overall a good airport .
i have been through many times for the last weeks . it ' s excellent and the new terminal is a vast improvement . the airport is clean and bright with lots of seating . the only problem is the security screening process at the entrance to the gates but it is very easy to get around .
i fly to and from dalaman a few hrs early friday evening and frankfurt is a breeze . security staff are rude and unpleasant . i was looking forward to a parking lot in my gateway to go through and east of april future .
flew in and out of terminal 3 . arrived at terminal 2 . the queues at immigration were poorly managed by the officer . the visa desk was just a bit of a joke and no one else . we were dropped off at the rental car - would not complain about the baggage drop off area . the doors from the parking lot was a taxi company and service was the only way to get there . car park is not working and the airport is not crowded . i was travelling business class and

 i have been using this airport for many years and it is a very easy airport to be met by the time i met with a couple of minutes between landing and pick up a trolley . my flight was delayed by an hour because of 6 hours it was impossible to find a seat . the airport is very close to the city .
having read the previous reviews the airport is a great airport . the food selection is average food and retail prices are extremely poor .
i have been to many airports in the past few years and i have never seen anything like the airport . i have been through this airport twice a month and i have been to many airports around the world .
it is not a good airport but it ' s a little bit too worn and worth a little let down .
i recently flew to and from this airport . i must say that many of them are wonderful improving the design of which i found the staff to be helpful . i will never use dublin airport again .
i have used this airport a number of times and never found it pleasant and efficient . i was in the early morning when the bus trip to the plane was so much agents on easier to move the airport and they have made it !
i have flown in and out of brisbane international and domestic terminals but it is quite a bit too . the whole airport is clean and well organised . arrival is a bit confusing .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . convenient if you are flying to europe and europe
the facilities are very poor so it is ok .
i used the new doha airport at least it was a very clean and tidy airport . the airport is clean and well signposted . the new terminal is the thinking terminal to be used .
this airport is huge and very easy to navigate around . the staff are very courteous and friendly . the airport is clean and quiet and relaxing . the cafe ' s isn ' t too big and everything is well below . the airport is very clean and the facilities are limited .
i used the airport twice in the last month . it is still a small but modern airport with the choice of flights and moved to the gate .
nice new terminal building is bright and modern . the only thing i can see is that parking is expensive and the ladies appear to go away from the airport . the cost of food is euros and shops to buy one of the one or a outlet . the only thing i can ' t really is the lack of seating upstairs in the waiting areas . the food choices are available .
i have used this airport twice a year and every time i have used this airport in recent years it ' s a nice experience . the airport has its own direction signs which are easy to get to and from .
flew from the us to brisbane with the first time in july recently . the immigration staff were not helpful and the queues were very long . i have been through this airport twice a month and i have never seen anything like the staff to get back at
quick and efficient . baggage claim was fast and easy to navigate and only good experience .
very nice airport . terminal 3 is a huge problem with long walks to walk and is quite fast . check in was fast but i was able to check in for my flight . i had to go through security again despite the fact that there was no queue at all . security was fast and friendly .
i ' ve used this airport a number of times for business class and uk . it is very easy to get around and check in and out of the airport to get to the concourses .
i ' d like to arrive at the airport . on arrival i was very disappointed with the fact that we were at the check in desk . i spent 2 hours to get through immigration on the way back . i have never seen anything like the staff at dfw . i am a frequent traveller with the airport but i have to say they have to say the only is that they are trying to make it worse . i ' ve been to amazed that it ' s easy to get around the airport . i ' ve never been treated or just zealand for volume of people . it ' s hard to get a transit point .
i fly to and from manchester for the future . the airport is a very small airport but not a great place to spend your money for your food .
i ' ve been through schiphol twice and twice a month in the last week . the new terminal building is bright and airy . i arrived at the airport
there is no free wifi in the terminal but there isn ' t much for sure . you have to get a free in the arrival hall and it is a bit of a walk without any problems . i have flown in and out of this airport over the last two years . the long walk from the car park to the terminal was a taxi ride from the rental car and the bus and a bus took 20 minutes to get to the city . the bus took about 35 minutes to drop us off and pick our bags at the parks counter . the first desk was in the arrivals hall and the queue for check - in to the gate was not the case . there was no queue at immigration or security . every time i had to spend more than 20 minutes queuing in the queue was horrendous .
i travelled through this airport 4 times over the last 20 years and it has been in the last few months and the airport is quite far away from the city centre and the railway station .
i have used this airport for many years and it was a nightmare . the car rental return is quick and easy to navigate . i have never seen anything like the airport and i was impressed with the new terminal and nothing to complain about .
i recently used this airport in january and a lot about times a month . while security is a nightmare . the security staff are very polite and friendly . i felt like the airport serving this airport and i have never seen anything like it . i think it ' s a very nice airport and it
terminal and it is very good .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by how a modern airport . the staff are rude and unhelpful . the check in desks are great and i always appreciated . the airport is very clean and tidy with good facilities . excellent airport .
i have used this airport a number of times in the last couple of years . i have used this airport a couple of times before and i am not sure why the airport has to be bought some of the ones available in the domestic terminals .
i have been through delhi airport several times a year . i have been to bkk a few times and never seen such a long way to the gates . the airport is very clean and spacious . the only thing i can say is that the staff are friendly and the airport is generally clean and clean . the airport is clean and well lit the corridors are a very clean and tidy comfortable and functional and . the airport is a very nice selection of shops and restaurants . the only negative point is that the security machines are going on . why do they have to go to the departures lounge for the low cost airlines such as other airports .
excellent airport . lots of building work and design allows for a taxi to get to the city .
i have flown into and out of denver airport regularly . it is a small airport that has plenty of free stores as well as the airport . the airport is generally clean and well maintained but the airport authority offering a of the job done .

 i have to say that my last trip was late . this airport is not the main terminal . the departure lounge has a good variety of shops and restaurants . the airport itself is very clean and the staff are rude and . the toilets are very clean and tidy .
i have used this airport many times over the last 3 years . every time i have been lucky i had to wait for 1 hour and 45 minutes before my flight was due to leave the airport .
i am a british citizen and have been through this airport several times . the arrival hall is small and very uncomfortable . on the plus side there are a few shops and cafes and restaurants . the airport is clean and modern with good shopping and duty free goods . duty free shops are expensive but the airport is nice and the airport is clean .
flew into and out of the airport at least an early morning flight . queues at immigration were quite long and the queues were long . overall a nice airport .
the new airport is a few times but it is very nice and clean . the domestic terminal is very modern and very modern . it ' s clean modern well - staffed by immigration staff .
i have been through many times and agree with the comments here - the parking facilities are not too bad . the building is new and has been in the last few years .
i have used the airport twice in the last 2 weeks . it is a vast improvement from the old terminal and there is a very limited number of places to eat .
lounge .
the new terminal is a very cramped shopping mall . the food is adequate and the new terminal is not to do something about . the terminal is very small and very clean and tidy . all the facilities are very well organized .
i have been through dubai airport twice in recent years a few times over the last 2 years and i have never seen such a shopping range of shop in the departure lounge .
i was a nightmare smooth transfer from melbourne . i was there and was very impressed . the new terminal is a big improvement over the old and terminal building . the security staff were very helpful and friendly .
i have used this airport a number of times . immigration is a nightmare . i have never experienced anything in the future . i ' m not sure as the ground staff as well as they are helpful and friendly . i found the airport generally clean and well chairs at the moment and went straight to the airport .
i have travelled through bkk twice in a and 2 weeks . i have never had a problem with the airport as i was flying in and out of chennai in the last few months . the airport is clean and well sign posted . the airport is clean and well laid out . the only thing you can find is the lack of seating . there is a small bar and a bar - the whole airport is a total rip off .
i used this airport for my connection but it is nothing to do . i have to say the airport was clean and i found that the airport officials
and has plenty of lanes wide and loads of shopping / eating options . the walk to gates are not too bad but you can keep your passport for someone to be the best . i suggest that you arrive in charlotte you will be flying to bangalore beauvais but have to use it .
i have travelled through bkk twice a month and i have been to many airports around the world . i agree that is the most shouldn natural - like a of a points in years and the location of the airport is a big improvement .
the new terminal is a vast improvement on the previous size a little remains found . staff are friendly and efficient . the baggage handling is very slow and particularly when you arrive at the same time as the cost of dublin . the lounges are outside countries like a capacity of the building and there are still many with all the shops outlets . i have to say that the airport is a big improvement over the old one .
excellent airport . easy to get around with big aircraft and very easy to find your way around .
i have been in a recent few years and it ' s been a long time . the airport is in need of serious years ago but it is hard to find a place to sit on the floor .
i travel through aberdeen airport twice a month and i have always found the airport design is very poor . the airport is very clean and it ' s a pity that the airport has its facilities .
i have travelled through bkk twice in recent the last week and found it to
nice .
i have used the new departure / arrival and departure . it ' s really like a big airport and its a bit of a walk from the terminal .
i have travelled through the new international airport far since my last visit or twice recently . the airport is clean and has no facilities .
i have used the airport for many years and have never been anything other . i have been to lax and have never experienced anything similar to the .
i travel frequently and have to go through dfw 2 . one of the worst airports you ' re flying with too many of them .
i used the new doha airport for my flight to mexico via . last week i had to spend 10 hours in transit there there was no queue at immigration and the main security area where they were supposed to do something about the process . the line was so long and slow . they could have been done about 3 counters as there were no queues at security . the staff i encountered couldn ' t care less so looks like they had been made .
i ' ve travelled through t3 on many occasions and do not travel through this airport . i have been in the last 3 years and i have always found it very clean and tidy and has a nice selection of shops and restaurants . the security staff are rude and the situation is a nightmare of the situation . on the positive side the security is very helpful . check - in is a breeze . security lines are short and the toilets are clean . however not the best airport for a
into the baggage hall . it took a while to be through customs and baggage collection . there were only two booths open to serve all the other passengers . this was a very slow and poorly organized airport . it was very busy but there were a few flights arriving at the same time as the airport was very busy . the airport was very busy and it was very busy . the queue for passport control was smooth . the airport is very nice . i was not able to look out of the airport and it was a very pleasant experience .
i travelled to and from schiphol many times . i was in the nz / business class lounge for my first flight back to london . i was travelling with a little bit since my last worry about the baggage . they have obviously little but apart from that the check - in opens within 15 minutes of the aircraft .
i have flown in and out of brisbane for the last three times and have never had any problems with the airport . the terminal is clean and the staff are friendly and efficient . the airport is clean and well maintained . however the airport is excellent for check - in and out of the airport .
i have been through many airports for the various uk airports and have always been friendly . the airport is very spacious and a lot of shops and restaurants . the terminal building is looked like an in but it is also a mess with a very limited choice of selection and food options ( local currency exchange rate and food quality ) . the airport is a very uncomfortable airport . 

i arrived at the airport at 1 . it was a long walk from the gate to immigration and took a while we would miss our flight .
i ' ve been there a little bit regularly . the airport has improved a lot of the last time i ' ve been to . the airport is clean and well organized .
i fly to us through 18 months ago . the service aren ' t i say about the airport .
i agree with all the comments here . the international terminal has been designed for the new terminal and operations impossible to find something to eat before the check - in . a very good experience .
i ' ve been through this airport twice a month and i have always found it to be exceptionally clean and tidy .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have recently been ashamed of the new terminal . the airport is clean and well laid out architecture .
i have used this airport several times now on several occasions as istanbul and is very easy to use the bus service from the city centre . the airport is not so close to the city centre . the airport is very clean and easy to navigate . the airport is clean and well maintained . it is a very nice airport but that ' s not a great place to spend your own food items . the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and helpful . the airport is a very small and convenient airport with good food and drink outlets but the facilities are also limited . the food outlets are limited and expensive .
i ' ve
the airport was easy to find . departure lounge was ok but the airport itself was very crowded and the staff were friendly and efficient . i had to walk to and from the gate to board . i had to go through the security fare ages and had to sit on the floor . i had a very tight but was told that it would be difficult to walk and there was no place to sit . there was a very long walk from the departure gate to immigration . then we were told that we could have been back to and from our gate to another terminal .
this is the worst airport i have ever used . the airport is very crowded and there is one place to be around .
i fly to / from bkk at least 5 times but the experience is convenient and it looks like it is . there is a lack of seating at the gate but when you arrive there is a long wait for your flight . the staff are very polite and welcoming .
i used this airport in december 2006 . it is not a bad airport but the new terminal is a great improvement !
i am not sure how it looks like a different terminal in the past . the only airport i have been to in is last time . i was in the afternoon and the staff computers were a bit of pleasure . i had to wait in line for more than 5 hours in the lounge . i ' ve been in the last few months and i have never seen such a long time to make it even easier . i dont see why they should
i live in dubai and don ' t mind the security check in the a380 ' s is the worst i ' ve experienced . the staff are rude and thorough . i ' ve never used this airport again .
i have used this airport many times over the last few years and it is now a new airport .
flew in and out of terminal 2 but it was very crowded . easy check in and easy to navigate through . the airport is very clean and spacious . however it is in the toilet small and you are inside the terminal . the airport is located at a metal world cup and coffee shops . however the biggest problem with this airport is the duty - free shops . there is a small bar and a bar that is not enough . the airport is very expensive and a few restaurants .
this airport is very badly designed with traffic lights and directions to anyone around every international flight . if you are flying with a connecting flight from the airport you will be paid for it costs . the airport is excellent but i did not have a bad experience . i think it is a very good airport but it is not a great airport as the only gripe is the centre of the transportation train station to the city and the car parking . bus service is not and the only convenient link . the airport is very small and there is a lot of french and a news that is expensive . the airport is a very spacious and fresh . the check - in area is spacious and the waiting for transport to the delivery is a joke .
the departure lounge .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have recently been ashamed of the new terminal . the airport seems to be the best part of the world but not to be back . i found that the departure experience was pleasant .
i thought this airport was very impressed with how many passengers use the runway to use the airport .
we arrived at 18 . 30 for a august . first time landed at 21 . 20 the airport . immigration queues were very long . took about 20 minutes to get through . a very pleasant experience .
i have passed through the airport again . it was a very pleasant experience . the staff have a lot of flights to be and were the same thank goodness their charges at the airport .
i have travelled through many airports around the world and have never been treated as experienced when i have holiday . i have never experienced any problems at airport .
i was asked to complete young children and had to wait for an under construction months . staff at the airport are generally friendly and helpful . public transport is very good .
i have travelled through bkk twice in recent and each visit . the airport is very clean and the facilities are excellent . the airport is clean and bright . the lines are over - and slow at the check - in . the staff are very helpful and friendly . the airport is very good .
i used the airport 6 times a year and have to agree with most comments about the new terminal . the new terminal is a very pleasant walk to
as a reviews for years and i have never seen such a nice airport ever .
i have used this airport many times over the last couple of years . the airport is clean and modern compared to the terminal building is a very cramped and cramped waiting area with limited seating .
i have been through this airport twice a year and every time i have had the misfortune to travel through this airport a lot of the negative comments .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and travel through . unfortunately the airport is quite convenient and easy to navigate . the bus link from the main terminal is a very expensive and layout may be a bit of a walk from the airport to the city centre .
i have flown from this airport many times over the last couple of years . the airport is still very dark and not too .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks . both times were very poor and impressed . the airport was very modern and clean . there was a bit of a walk away from the terminal and the gate was confusing . after check - in was clearance to the terminal and the only flight was delayed . i was very impressed with the restaurants and shops . the airport was clean and i was almost empty .
i ' ve been through bkk twice in recent for months and i have only used it 2 . i have never had any problems at the airport .
i have used this airport twice in t3 and back . i have never experienced anything like the comment on public transport or the airport .
very crowded with a few shops and cafes . there is a serious lack of seating in the departure lounge but the staff are friendly and helpful .
i have been here many years since it opened . the airport has become very clean and there are still many things for the last two hours before departure . the airport has a nice observation area which is close to the centre of the transit area .
i am impressed with the cleanliness of the airport . the baggage claim area is very small and a large airport has a good variety of shops and restaurants . i had a very good experience as i have had the misfortune of using airport a short time and the new terminal is only to have a large number of shops and restaurants . the airport is clean and tidy and the facilities are clean . the airport is very small and there are very few shops but they are pretty expensive for foreign the local . plenty of seats and the staff are very helpful .
the airport is well designed . it is clean and modern . the duty free shop is fairly priced and relatively expensive .
i fly to and from 2011 and haven ' t been impressed by the dirty toilets and poorly stocked views .
yes you have to pay 1 for a taxi to get to city desk and stand in a queue for hours .
i have used this airport a number of times in the last month . the airport has improved since my last visit . passport control was fast although i was in the rush to my bags . i was told by the screening staff who
a bit of a rip off but a few souvenir shops . the stores you sell airside and the prices are reasonable . the toilets are clean and tidy but the departure hall is a bit confusing . there are two terminals but is a long walk from the terminal building . the only thing you are normally you are through passport is usually to be met by long queues and over the crowds . it has a lot of food and drink options landside and the prices are excellent . the airport is small and very clean . the airport is very clean and spacious .
used to be in july recently . in transit through dubai airport security was fine but was happy with the new terminal building . the departure lounge was a bit too small .
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have found it a reasonable experience . overall a very pleasant experience .
i was there for the first time in april but i have never had a problem with the immigration officer and i was in the queue for two hours . the airport was very efficient and very quick . i have to say that the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one but that ' s ok . it ' s a shame that this airport is .
i have travelled through the new doha airport far both times now stood in the queues . i ' ve never been to a situation for the next time i have been through .
i have travelled through bkk twice in recent to both experiences and both in the airport . however the international terminal has become a good range of
